id,start,end,semantic_type,span,reldrug,tgtdrug,text
8zr5u3,447,459,ADR,panic attack,effexor,effexor,Mood Changes I've always chewed my nails, but I never knew it was because of my anxiety. I always thought it was just a habit I never managed to kick. So I tried Sertraline, which made my anxiety 10x worse. Then my doctor switched me to Effexor, of which I am now taking 150mg qday (increase from 75) because my anxiety is skyrocketing again. Nothing has really changed in my work or social life, but I feel like I am constantly on the verge of a panic attack. My mood swings are much closer to the surface. I feel like I did before I started on medication: close to a mental breakdown. I’m hoping the dose increase helps, although I am worried about withdrawal later down the line. I missed a couple of doses and had some withdrawal symptoms, so I’m not really looking forward to eventually getting off of it.  I feel like I can’t really talk to anyone about this, so this post is mostly to get this all off my chest.
8zr5u3,723,742,ADR,withdrawal symptoms,effexor,effexor,Mood Changes I've always chewed my nails, but I never knew it was because of my anxiety. I always thought it was just a habit I never managed to kick. So I tried Sertraline, which made my anxiety 10x worse. Then my doctor switched me to Effexor, of which I am now taking 150mg qday (increase from 75) because my anxiety is skyrocketing again. Nothing has really changed in my work or social life, but I feel like I am constantly on the verge of a panic attack. My mood swings are much closer to the surface. I feel like I did before I started on medication: close to a mental breakdown. I’m hoping the dose increase helps, although I am worried about withdrawal later down the line. I missed a couple of doses and had some withdrawal symptoms, so I’m not really looking forward to eventually getting off of it.  I feel like I can’t really talk to anyone about this, so this post is mostly to get this all off my chest.
8zp5pz,42,61,ADR,sexual side effects,effexor,effexor,Does anyone have any tips on managing the sexual side effects of Effexor? I've been on Effexor for a few months now and mentally it's been great, but sexually I can't ejaculate. Everything else is fine and I leave my partner, but I just can't get my O. Any tips or advice?   Heads up: I don't want to transition to Wellbutron just yet as I'm not in a good place in my life to be prepared for the transition properly. Thanks in advance.
8zo764,254,270,ADR,lack of appetite,effexor,effexor,Effexor XR and appetite/sex drive. New to the community, so hello! I’ve been taking Effexor XR (112.5 mg) for about three months now. My anxiety is not gone, but much more manageable then it has ever been. But I’ve been having two annoying side effects: lack of appetite and lack of sexual enjoyment. I’ve lost almost twenty pounds since starting and struggle to get myself to eat full meals, and the medication has taken a toll on my sex life. Even if I am aroused, nothing seems to work, if you know what I mean.  Any advice?
8zo764,275,299,ADR,lack of sexual enjoyment,effexor,effexor,Effexor XR and appetite/sex drive. New to the community, so hello! I’ve been taking Effexor XR (112.5 mg) for about three months now. My anxiety is not gone, but much more manageable then it has ever been. But I’ve been having two annoying side effects: lack of appetite and lack of sexual enjoyment. I’ve lost almost twenty pounds since starting and struggle to get myself to eat full meals, and the medication has taken a toll on my sex life. Even if I am aroused, nothing seems to work, if you know what I mean.  Any advice?
8znc2a,1896,1912,ADR,crazy/delusional,effexor,effexor,I messed up... Hi. Me and my fiance have been together for a year and a half. (Engaged since last September).I've been taking effexor for about 6 months now for Post Partum Depression, Major Depressive Disorder, Anxiety,and Ptsd. Last week, I managed to get out of the house (which I rarely do now due to my illnesses and watching my son) and go see an old friend who we mutually know and used to hang out with like I had done about 4 weeks ago and everything was find.but this time he had a little bit of Crown (whisky) so I said why not? I mean back in the day (before I was pregnant) I used to drink and get carried away due to what I was going thru at the time. But I didn't think anything of it in the moment (due to my mental health) and decided to drink. Since it was a once in a while opportunity I said fuck it and decided to drink.  Mind you, I was trying to be responsible as I could while I was still relatively sober by tallying up how many shots I took. Due to my memory being so poor.  In total I ended up drinking 7/8 shots of whisky and 4 shots of tequila. I'm relatively light weight and my tolerance for alcohol is very low.  I remembered what happened in bits I pieces..  I ended up calling my ex (who just so happens to be the piece of shit who ruined my life and is a sociopath). Going back to his place, and then I remember him on top of me, forcing himself in, but kinda in a stupor because he stays drunk all the time. He kept hitting my cervix and the few times I was able to mutter ow or make any indication of pain he grabbed my hair. But it didn't last too long before he was tired. Thank God. It's like I was living in a nightmare, going back in time. I looked up the side effects of mixing venaflaxine and alcohol and everything I read scared me. No good. I had assumed it would just make you drowsy or dizzy but nooo it makes you a different fucking person and go crazy/delusional. When I realized what had happened I just go in to panic attack mode. Like wtf do i do. At first I lied to my fiance, valuing his feelings more than the truth, but he contacted the friend (who lied for me but still told him I left so my lie was caught) He called me from work and asked me to tell hi the truth, I was in the middle of telling him everything and he hung up and came home from work just for me to tell him the rest of the story. So I did. And it broke his heart. And it broke mine. And he busted out crying. It killed us. He walked away while I was up stairs so I walked away to find him and he said he didn't wanna come back home rn. He walked all the way to his parents house a crying mess and told them I cheated and ruined our family (which is true but not the whole story)  Anyways, he broke up with me rn we still live together an communicate but we're struggling with all the hurt. Idk what to do.
8zgs1n,1681,1691,ADR,withdrawal,effexor,effexor,Balancing dextroamphetamine with SNRI/SSRI dosages I've read through many posts about user experiences combining an SSRI/SNRI with dextroamphetamine but I wanted to get your feedback on balancing the dosages of each, especially for anyone on an SNRI. I'm asking purely for subjective experiences and you thoughts.  SNRI's norepinephrine re-uptake inhibitor tends to smooth out the adrenaline release from the dexamp, which for me has been very beneficial for me to feel balanced and more calm (I'm never truly at ease). But this can also lessen the effect of the dexamp in general.  I had already been prescribed Effexor prior to the ADHD meds, starting with Adderall IR, then XR, and now on Dexedrine XR. I'm fairly confident that this is the right combo for me. So from here I'm looking to "fine tune" the balance between meds and also try to understand what users have noticed from an SSRI + dexamp or SNRI + any type of methylphenidate combo.  Currently I take 225mg Effexor and 30mg Dexedrine XR but going to up the Dex to 45mg and titrate down to 150mg of Effexor. Logically it make sense to simply adjust the dosages and compare however, there are nasty side effects from just lowering Effexor dosage (let alone getting off of it) and it will take time to assess after the adjustment, which can be misleading after all the negative experience.  The goal is to take the least amount of dexamp that is still effective but currently this is on the higher side due to the current Effexor dosage. I really do think that I need a combination of SNRI+ADHD med but the "balance" will take time to understand and eventually I would like to switch to another SNRI given hell on earth withdrawal of getting off Effexor.  Any advice, comments, input, exc. is greatly appreciated. I wish all the best to everyone managing their ADHD. I've had a rather hard time until finally being diagnosed at age 30 and it's been an incredible improvement in my quality of life ever since.  Cheers.
8zgg5h,352,359,ADR,allergy,effexor,effexor,Serotonin Syndrome? This may be long. So I've been on Effexor XR for 8 years or so.  I started on 75mg, and then about 4 years ago dropped down to 37.5mg  Back in January I had a reaction to a steroid (didn't know that's what caused the issue immediately)  and since I didn't know exactly what was happening, I thought I might be stating to develop an allergy to my effexor.  So I did a bunch of research online and decided to try to taper off of it using the 10% drop of the previous dose taper method.  I was down to taking 72.9% of 37.5mg, or about 27.5mg, when I got REALLY bad withdrawal symptoms.  This was about a month ago.  My anxiety, which is the main reason I was prescribed effexor xr in the first place, also came back.  So I decided to just stay on it.  I just started taking the 37.5mg again.  It seems like ever since then though, that I have a a pretty constant headache.  It's mainly in my temples, my eyes and the base of my skull in the back of my head.  My blood pressure has risen a bit (nothing horrible usually, 150/100 is the highest I've recorded), I have had diarrhea the past week or so.  Today, I went to mow my lawn and had to stop halfway through cause I thought I was going to pass out.  That's never happened before.  I also had a slight fever of 99.2.  I sometimes have some nausea/light headedness, and I want to do nothing but sleep.   I haven't had any of the horrible muscle spasms or jerking that I have seen some people have with it.    I made an appointment with my dr, but the earliest they said they can get me in is august 21st.  I may call them back tomorrow and try to get in earlier.    I'm scared to death that I've done irreparable damage to myself by just going back to the 37.5mg and these symptoms won't go away.  I don't know why that would be though, as when I first started taking the med 8 years ago I started off from 0, to 75mg and had literally no side effects except it got rid of my anxiety.  Is it really possible that going from 27.5 to 37.5mg is causing me all these issues?  I should have never started tapering in the first place, but now I'm freaking out big time.
8zgg5h,582,601,ADR,withdrawal symptoms,effexor,effexor,Serotonin Syndrome? This may be long. So I've been on Effexor XR for 8 years or so.  I started on 75mg, and then about 4 years ago dropped down to 37.5mg  Back in January I had a reaction to a steroid (didn't know that's what caused the issue immediately)  and since I didn't know exactly what was happening, I thought I might be stating to develop an allergy to my effexor.  So I did a bunch of research online and decided to try to taper off of it using the 10% drop of the previous dose taper method.  I was down to taking 72.9% of 37.5mg, or about 27.5mg, when I got REALLY bad withdrawal symptoms.  This was about a month ago.  My anxiety, which is the main reason I was prescribed effexor xr in the first place, also came back.  So I decided to just stay on it.  I just started taking the 37.5mg again.  It seems like ever since then though, that I have a a pretty constant headache.  It's mainly in my temples, my eyes and the base of my skull in the back of my head.  My blood pressure has risen a bit (nothing horrible usually, 150/100 is the highest I've recorded), I have had diarrhea the past week or so.  Today, I went to mow my lawn and had to stop halfway through cause I thought I was going to pass out.  That's never happened before.  I also had a slight fever of 99.2.  I sometimes have some nausea/light headedness, and I want to do nothing but sleep.   I haven't had any of the horrible muscle spasms or jerking that I have seen some people have with it.    I made an appointment with my dr, but the earliest they said they can get me in is august 21st.  I may call them back tomorrow and try to get in earlier.    I'm scared to death that I've done irreparable damage to myself by just going back to the 37.5mg and these symptoms won't go away.  I don't know why that would be though, as when I first started taking the med 8 years ago I started off from 0, to 75mg and had literally no side effects except it got rid of my anxiety.  Is it really possible that going from 27.5 to 37.5mg is causing me all these issues?  I should have never started tapering in the first place, but now I'm freaking out big time.
8zgg5h,871,888,ADR,constant headache,effexor,effexor,Serotonin Syndrome? This may be long. So I've been on Effexor XR for 8 years or so.  I started on 75mg, and then about 4 years ago dropped down to 37.5mg  Back in January I had a reaction to a steroid (didn't know that's what caused the issue immediately)  and since I didn't know exactly what was happening, I thought I might be stating to develop an allergy to my effexor.  So I did a bunch of research online and decided to try to taper off of it using the 10% drop of the previous dose taper method.  I was down to taking 72.9% of 37.5mg, or about 27.5mg, when I got REALLY bad withdrawal symptoms.  This was about a month ago.  My anxiety, which is the main reason I was prescribed effexor xr in the first place, also came back.  So I decided to just stay on it.  I just started taking the 37.5mg again.  It seems like ever since then though, that I have a a pretty constant headache.  It's mainly in my temples, my eyes and the base of my skull in the back of my head.  My blood pressure has risen a bit (nothing horrible usually, 150/100 is the highest I've recorded), I have had diarrhea the past week or so.  Today, I went to mow my lawn and had to stop halfway through cause I thought I was going to pass out.  That's never happened before.  I also had a slight fever of 99.2.  I sometimes have some nausea/light headedness, and I want to do nothing but sleep.   I haven't had any of the horrible muscle spasms or jerking that I have seen some people have with it.    I made an appointment with my dr, but the earliest they said they can get me in is august 21st.  I may call them back tomorrow and try to get in earlier.    I'm scared to death that I've done irreparable damage to myself by just going back to the 37.5mg and these symptoms won't go away.  I don't know why that would be though, as when I first started taking the med 8 years ago I started off from 0, to 75mg and had literally no side effects except it got rid of my anxiety.  Is it really possible that going from 27.5 to 37.5mg is causing me all these issues?  I should have never started tapering in the first place, but now I'm freaking out big time.
8zgg5h,1087,1095,ADR,diarrhea,effexor,effexor,Serotonin Syndrome? This may be long. So I've been on Effexor XR for 8 years or so.  I started on 75mg, and then about 4 years ago dropped down to 37.5mg  Back in January I had a reaction to a steroid (didn't know that's what caused the issue immediately)  and since I didn't know exactly what was happening, I thought I might be stating to develop an allergy to my effexor.  So I did a bunch of research online and decided to try to taper off of it using the 10% drop of the previous dose taper method.  I was down to taking 72.9% of 37.5mg, or about 27.5mg, when I got REALLY bad withdrawal symptoms.  This was about a month ago.  My anxiety, which is the main reason I was prescribed effexor xr in the first place, also came back.  So I decided to just stay on it.  I just started taking the 37.5mg again.  It seems like ever since then though, that I have a a pretty constant headache.  It's mainly in my temples, my eyes and the base of my skull in the back of my head.  My blood pressure has risen a bit (nothing horrible usually, 150/100 is the highest I've recorded), I have had diarrhea the past week or so.  Today, I went to mow my lawn and had to stop halfway through cause I thought I was going to pass out.  That's never happened before.  I also had a slight fever of 99.2.  I sometimes have some nausea/light headedness, and I want to do nothing but sleep.   I haven't had any of the horrible muscle spasms or jerking that I have seen some people have with it.    I made an appointment with my dr, but the earliest they said they can get me in is august 21st.  I may call them back tomorrow and try to get in earlier.    I'm scared to death that I've done irreparable damage to myself by just going back to the 37.5mg and these symptoms won't go away.  I don't know why that would be though, as when I first started taking the med 8 years ago I started off from 0, to 75mg and had literally no side effects except it got rid of my anxiety.  Is it really possible that going from 27.5 to 37.5mg is causing me all these issues?  I should have never started tapering in the first place, but now I'm freaking out big time.
8zgg5h,1272,1277,ADR,fever,effexor,effexor,Serotonin Syndrome? This may be long. So I've been on Effexor XR for 8 years or so.  I started on 75mg, and then about 4 years ago dropped down to 37.5mg  Back in January I had a reaction to a steroid (didn't know that's what caused the issue immediately)  and since I didn't know exactly what was happening, I thought I might be stating to develop an allergy to my effexor.  So I did a bunch of research online and decided to try to taper off of it using the 10% drop of the previous dose taper method.  I was down to taking 72.9% of 37.5mg, or about 27.5mg, when I got REALLY bad withdrawal symptoms.  This was about a month ago.  My anxiety, which is the main reason I was prescribed effexor xr in the first place, also came back.  So I decided to just stay on it.  I just started taking the 37.5mg again.  It seems like ever since then though, that I have a a pretty constant headache.  It's mainly in my temples, my eyes and the base of my skull in the back of my head.  My blood pressure has risen a bit (nothing horrible usually, 150/100 is the highest I've recorded), I have had diarrhea the past week or so.  Today, I went to mow my lawn and had to stop halfway through cause I thought I was going to pass out.  That's never happened before.  I also had a slight fever of 99.2.  I sometimes have some nausea/light headedness, and I want to do nothing but sleep.   I haven't had any of the horrible muscle spasms or jerking that I have seen some people have with it.    I made an appointment with my dr, but the earliest they said they can get me in is august 21st.  I may call them back tomorrow and try to get in earlier.    I'm scared to death that I've done irreparable damage to myself by just going back to the 37.5mg and these symptoms won't go away.  I don't know why that would be though, as when I first started taking the med 8 years ago I started off from 0, to 75mg and had literally no side effects except it got rid of my anxiety.  Is it really possible that going from 27.5 to 37.5mg is causing me all these issues?  I should have never started tapering in the first place, but now I'm freaking out big time.
8zgg5h,1310,1333,ADR,nausea/light headedness,effexor,effexor,Serotonin Syndrome? This may be long. So I've been on Effexor XR for 8 years or so.  I started on 75mg, and then about 4 years ago dropped down to 37.5mg  Back in January I had a reaction to a steroid (didn't know that's what caused the issue immediately)  and since I didn't know exactly what was happening, I thought I might be stating to develop an allergy to my effexor.  So I did a bunch of research online and decided to try to taper off of it using the 10% drop of the previous dose taper method.  I was down to taking 72.9% of 37.5mg, or about 27.5mg, when I got REALLY bad withdrawal symptoms.  This was about a month ago.  My anxiety, which is the main reason I was prescribed effexor xr in the first place, also came back.  So I decided to just stay on it.  I just started taking the 37.5mg again.  It seems like ever since then though, that I have a a pretty constant headache.  It's mainly in my temples, my eyes and the base of my skull in the back of my head.  My blood pressure has risen a bit (nothing horrible usually, 150/100 is the highest I've recorded), I have had diarrhea the past week or so.  Today, I went to mow my lawn and had to stop halfway through cause I thought I was going to pass out.  That's never happened before.  I also had a slight fever of 99.2.  I sometimes have some nausea/light headedness, and I want to do nothing but sleep.   I haven't had any of the horrible muscle spasms or jerking that I have seen some people have with it.    I made an appointment with my dr, but the earliest they said they can get me in is august 21st.  I may call them back tomorrow and try to get in earlier.    I'm scared to death that I've done irreparable damage to myself by just going back to the 37.5mg and these symptoms won't go away.  I don't know why that would be though, as when I first started taking the med 8 years ago I started off from 0, to 75mg and had literally no side effects except it got rid of my anxiety.  Is it really possible that going from 27.5 to 37.5mg is causing me all these issues?  I should have never started tapering in the first place, but now I'm freaking out big time.
8zg3hu,419,429,ADR,withdrawal,effexor,effexor,Question- are there any psychedelic RCs that work decently while on SSRIs? I know that just about anything that interacts with serotonin has reduced efficacy at best and is dangerous at worst when mixed with SSRIs, but since I've started Effexor (which is a SNRI, but I don't think any psychedelics work through norepiphrenine so that's besides the point) stopping for a bit before tripping isn't really an option- the withdrawal makes everything shitty. I'm wondering if there's any other sort of psychedelic RCs that might work better while taking this sort of medication.   I do get some amount of visuals with lysergamides and tryptamines, and could probably just try increasing the dose- but I don't really want to get serotonin poisoning. Any thoughts?
8zg3hu,601,608,ADR,visuals,effexor,effexor,Question- are there any psychedelic RCs that work decently while on SSRIs? I know that just about anything that interacts with serotonin has reduced efficacy at best and is dangerous at worst when mixed with SSRIs, but since I've started Effexor (which is a SNRI, but I don't think any psychedelics work through norepiphrenine so that's besides the point) stopping for a bit before tripping isn't really an option- the withdrawal makes everything shitty. I'm wondering if there's any other sort of psychedelic RCs that might work better while taking this sort of medication.   I do get some amount of visuals with lysergamides and tryptamines, and could probably just try increasing the dose- but I don't really want to get serotonin poisoning. Any thoughts?
8ze7tt,1682,1692,ADR,withdrawal,effexor,effexor,Balancing dextroamphetamine with SNRI/SSRI dosages I've read through many posts about user experiences combining an SSRI/SNRI with dextroamphetamine but I wanted to get your feedback on balancing the dosages of each, especially for anyone on an SNRI. I'm asking purely for subjective experiences and you thoughts.  SNRI's norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor tends to smooth out the adrenaline release from the dexamp, which for me has been very beneficial for me to feel balanced and more calm (I'm never truly at ease). But this can also lessen the effect of the dexamp in general.   I had already been prescribed Effexor prior to the ADHD meds, starting with Adderall IR, then XR, and now on Dexedrine XR. I'm fairly confident that this is the right combo for me. So from here I'm looking to "fine tune" the balance between meds and also try to understand what users have noticed from an SSRI + dexamp or SNRI + any type of methylphenidate combo.   Currently I take 225mg Effexor and 30mg Dexedrine XR but going to up the Dex to 45mg and titrate down to 150mg of Effexor. Logically it make sense to simply adjust the dosages and compare however, there are nasty side effects from just lowering Effexor dosage (let alone getting off of it) and it will take time to assess after the adjustment, which can be misleading after all the negative experience.  The goal is to take the least amount of dexamp that is still effective but currently this is on the higher side due to the current Effexor dosage. I really do think that I need a combination of SNRI+ADHD med but the "balance" will take time to understand and eventually I would like to switch to another SNRI given hell on earth withdrawal of getting off Effexor.  Any advice, comments, input, exc. is greatly appreciated. I wish all the best to everyone managing their ADHD. I've had a rather hard time until finally being diagnosed at age 30 and it's been an incredible improvement in my quality of life ever since.  Cheers.
8zd4dn,189,207,ADR,withdrawal symptom,effexor,effexor,Speculation on Jenelles Mystery Symptoms Season 7 I have bipolar disorder so Ive taken a ton of different med combos. What she is describing could either be an anti-psychotic reaction or a withdrawal symptom to psychiatric meds. I had a really hard time withdrawing from Effexor (anti-depressant) and then Latuda an antipsych med really messed me up.  A lot of people have issues with akathisia which feels like youre out of your body bc of the involuntary tremors, restless legs, etc. I wonder if David told her to stop her meds and try natural shit aka marijuana. They can also cause visual disturbances and a lot of what was on her list
8zd4dn,385,394,ADR,akathisia,effexor,effexor,Speculation on Jenelles Mystery Symptoms Season 7 I have bipolar disorder so Ive taken a ton of different med combos. What she is describing could either be an anti-psychotic reaction or a withdrawal symptom to psychiatric meds. I had a really hard time withdrawing from Effexor (anti-depressant) and then Latuda an antipsych med really messed me up.  A lot of people have issues with akathisia which feels like youre out of your body bc of the involuntary tremors, restless legs, etc. I wonder if David told her to stop her meds and try natural shit aka marijuana. They can also cause visual disturbances and a lot of what was on her list
8zd4dn,445,464,ADR,involuntary tremors,effexor,effexor,Speculation on Jenelles Mystery Symptoms Season 7 I have bipolar disorder so Ive taken a ton of different med combos. What she is describing could either be an anti-psychotic reaction or a withdrawal symptom to psychiatric meds. I had a really hard time withdrawing from Effexor (anti-depressant) and then Latuda an antipsych med really messed me up.  A lot of people have issues with akathisia which feels like youre out of your body bc of the involuntary tremors, restless legs, etc. I wonder if David told her to stop her meds and try natural shit aka marijuana. They can also cause visual disturbances and a lot of what was on her list
8zd4dn,466,479,ADR,restless legs,effexor,effexor,Speculation on Jenelles Mystery Symptoms Season 7 I have bipolar disorder so Ive taken a ton of different med combos. What she is describing could either be an anti-psychotic reaction or a withdrawal symptom to psychiatric meds. I had a really hard time withdrawing from Effexor (anti-depressant) and then Latuda an antipsych med really messed me up.  A lot of people have issues with akathisia which feels like youre out of your body bc of the involuntary tremors, restless legs, etc. I wonder if David told her to stop her meds and try natural shit aka marijuana. They can also cause visual disturbances and a lot of what was on her list
8zd4dn,586,605,ADR,visual disturbances,effexor,effexor,Speculation on Jenelles Mystery Symptoms Season 7 I have bipolar disorder so Ive taken a ton of different med combos. What she is describing could either be an anti-psychotic reaction or a withdrawal symptom to psychiatric meds. I had a really hard time withdrawing from Effexor (anti-depressant) and then Latuda an antipsych med really messed me up.  A lot of people have issues with akathisia which feels like youre out of your body bc of the involuntary tremors, restless legs, etc. I wonder if David told her to stop her meds and try natural shit aka marijuana. They can also cause visual disturbances and a lot of what was on her list
8zbap8,424,464,ADR,decrease in sexual interest and function,effexor,effexor,Weaning off 20mg Cipralex / Cipralex -&gt; something else? I have been taking Cipralex for almost two years now, having bumped up to 20mg about four months ago. I have been wanting to come off of it for a while because I have had awful crashes whenever I have increased my dose (however, doc recommended I try maxing it out first). Now, I've been feeling good and pretty steady, however I have really noticed an significant decrease in sexual interest and function as soon as the 20mg started taking effect, so much so that I want to try something else or stop taking antidepressants altogether for a while in hopes that my libido will return. I have been doing some reading and have heard good things about Effexor, Pristiq, and Trintellix in terms of side effects in general (aside from withdrawal from Effexor). Just wondering what experiences people have had with any or experiences with discontinuing antidepressants. Thank you!  For reference, I am a 23 y/o female doing her Master's degree. It is usually a one year program which I have opted to do in two years instead, so my stress levels will overall be much lower in the upcoming year (compared to the time I have been taking Cipralex so far). I have tried Wellbutrin in combination with Cipralex to increase motivation and energy, but had an allergic reaction to it (still disappointed).
8zbap8,789,799,ADR,withdrawal,effexor,effexor,Weaning off 20mg Cipralex / Cipralex -&gt; something else? I have been taking Cipralex for almost two years now, having bumped up to 20mg about four months ago. I have been wanting to come off of it for a while because I have had awful crashes whenever I have increased my dose (however, doc recommended I try maxing it out first). Now, I've been feeling good and pretty steady, however I have really noticed an significant decrease in sexual interest and function as soon as the 20mg started taking effect, so much so that I want to try something else or stop taking antidepressants altogether for a while in hopes that my libido will return. I have been doing some reading and have heard good things about Effexor, Pristiq, and Trintellix in terms of side effects in general (aside from withdrawal from Effexor). Just wondering what experiences people have had with any or experiences with discontinuing antidepressants. Thank you!  For reference, I am a 23 y/o female doing her Master's degree. It is usually a one year program which I have opted to do in two years instead, so my stress levels will overall be much lower in the upcoming year (compared to the time I have been taking Cipralex so far). I have tried Wellbutrin in combination with Cipralex to increase motivation and energy, but had an allergic reaction to it (still disappointed).
8zauo2,198,211,ADR,panic attacks,effexor,effexor,Effexor XR for anxiety I’ve been on Prozac for two months now. Started with 20mg, then increased to 40mg about two weeks in. I wasn’t doing horrible, but I wasn’t doing great either. Now I’m having panic attacks daily and constantly feel on edge but I don’t want to have to rely on klonopin. I don’t think this medication is for me. Has anyone taken Effexor xr for anxiety? Or buspar? I’m going to ask my psych about these two and see where to go from there
8zaqdj,1783,1789,ADR,apathy,effexor,effexor,I'm 21 years old and can't feel emotion anymore. HELP. I don't want to waste anyone's time with backstories, all I'm going to say is that I've recently graduated from college and it left me traumatized. My college years were filled with existential dread, axniety, depression and OCD thoughts. However, I could still feel both positive and negative feelings.  But lately (3-4 weeks ago) I felt as if someone pulled a switch in my brain. I suddenly became uninterested in literally everything. I wake up in the morning and I dread having to live another day. I spend my time eating because I don't feel like doing anything. I suddenly don't like video games anymore, not even my old favorites. No matter what activity I start pursuing, it gets extremely boring after 5 minutes and I always quit. Music sounds PAINFUL to me, I feel like every single sound gets on my nerves and I feel bored and burnt out on my old favorite bands (can't get into new stuff either because nothing sounds good to me anymore). Painting is now frustrating because I feel like I lack the skill required to paint and it's rather annoying than pleasant. Going out feels like a chore, I don't even like going out in nature anymore. I tried to watch movies, series and even cartoons but I get bored in less than 10 minutes.   You guys, I literally have NO IDEA what I even like anymore. I don't have preferences anymore, I don't like or dislike things. I don't have feelings towards anything and anyone (not even family), everything just EXISTS and I have no feelings associated with anything. I'm not suicidal, I'm not even sad, I'm just numb/neutral to everything and it's driving me crazy.   A few days ago I went to a psychiatrist and I got prescribed Effexor (Venlafaxine) but honestly, it intensifies the apathy. I just have no idea what to do anymore. I just want to feel something again.
8z992n,642,662,ADR,sensory disturbances,effexor,effexor,Sensory disturbances during Effexor withdrawal? So I’ve been tapering off of 150mg Effexor over the past 2 months and have finally been completely off of Effexor since Wednesday! And while I’m definitely excited to see where things go for me, side effects have been pretty wild. Not all bad by any means (I’ve lost 8lbs and my resting heart rate has gone from 87bpm to 69bpm over the past two months, so that’s awesome) but hooooolllyyy shit, you guys weren’t kidding about the last taper (from whatever small dosage you’re taking to 0mg) being the worst.   The reason I’m posting here is because I’m wondering if any of you guys experienced sensory disturbances while withdrawing from Effexor, or any AD for that matter? It’s kinda hard to describe, and probably similar or related to the mythical “brain zaps” (although I tend to feel mine more down my arms and in my palms/feet) but it’s been pretty distracting during this last taper. It’s like whenever I feel that weird zapping sensation it just ends up pulsing on and off with my heartbeat for a while, and every time it pulses it makes my vision and hearing skip like a shitty record. It’s not painful by any means, but it’s distracting and uncomfortable and makes me feel like I’m tripping balls, which isn’t great in itself since withdrawal already makes me more anxiety prone, so it just sends me into an “oh god I probably look like I’m high af right now, am I dying??” anxiety spiral, which is far from ideal.   I’m just wondering how the hell im going to get through work this week. I just feel like I need to sleep until this shit is over, and any other possibility makes me feel like crying because it all seems so overwhelming. I’m not even feeling a relapse in depression (I’ve actually been pretty interested/attentive with things during this whole tapering process, thank freaking god)  but this particular step is just so much to deal with, and I can’t exactly tell my boss “hey, I know I’m your only afternoon teacher, but I literally can’t see straight, so can I please go home and fall into a temporary coma?” so I’m completely at a loss here. I wish this shit wasn’t so taboo to discuss, because man this feels unlike anything I’ve ever dealt with before. Like I’ve been completely plastered drunk and more on top of my senses than I am when being buzzed senseless by one of my brain zap sessions, but I still have to watch preschoolers. Ugh.   Any advice on how to get my vision back? Or at least how to speed up the process? In the mean time, im being very careful while driving but until this goes away I just feel like my life is on hold. Well, at least this is my last withdrawal session, right? :)
8z992n,36,46,ADR,withdrawal,effexor,effexor,Sensory disturbances during Effexor withdrawal? So I’ve been tapering off of 150mg Effexor over the past 2 months and have finally been completely off of Effexor since Wednesday! And while I’m definitely excited to see where things go for me, side effects have been pretty wild. Not all bad by any means (I’ve lost 8lbs and my resting heart rate has gone from 87bpm to 69bpm over the past two months, so that’s awesome) but hooooolllyyy shit, you guys weren’t kidding about the last taper (from whatever small dosage you’re taking to 0mg) being the worst.   The reason I’m posting here is because I’m wondering if any of you guys experienced sensory disturbances while withdrawing from Effexor, or any AD for that matter? It’s kinda hard to describe, and probably similar or related to the mythical “brain zaps” (although I tend to feel mine more down my arms and in my palms/feet) but it’s been pretty distracting during this last taper. It’s like whenever I feel that weird zapping sensation it just ends up pulsing on and off with my heartbeat for a while, and every time it pulses it makes my vision and hearing skip like a shitty record. It’s not painful by any means, but it’s distracting and uncomfortable and makes me feel like I’m tripping balls, which isn’t great in itself since withdrawal already makes me more anxiety prone, so it just sends me into an “oh god I probably look like I’m high af right now, am I dying??” anxiety spiral, which is far from ideal.   I’m just wondering how the hell im going to get through work this week. I just feel like I need to sleep until this shit is over, and any other possibility makes me feel like crying because it all seems so overwhelming. I’m not even feeling a relapse in depression (I’ve actually been pretty interested/attentive with things during this whole tapering process, thank freaking god)  but this particular step is just so much to deal with, and I can’t exactly tell my boss “hey, I know I’m your only afternoon teacher, but I literally can’t see straight, so can I please go home and fall into a temporary coma?” so I’m completely at a loss here. I wish this shit wasn’t so taboo to discuss, because man this feels unlike anything I’ve ever dealt with before. Like I’ve been completely plastered drunk and more on top of my senses than I am when being buzzed senseless by one of my brain zap sessions, but I still have to watch preschoolers. Ugh.   Any advice on how to get my vision back? Or at least how to speed up the process? In the mean time, im being very careful while driving but until this goes away I just feel like my life is on hold. Well, at least this is my last withdrawal session, right? :)
8z992n,1323,1330,ADR,anxiety,effexor,effexor,Sensory disturbances during Effexor withdrawal? So I’ve been tapering off of 150mg Effexor over the past 2 months and have finally been completely off of Effexor since Wednesday! And while I’m definitely excited to see where things go for me, side effects have been pretty wild. Not all bad by any means (I’ve lost 8lbs and my resting heart rate has gone from 87bpm to 69bpm over the past two months, so that’s awesome) but hooooolllyyy shit, you guys weren’t kidding about the last taper (from whatever small dosage you’re taking to 0mg) being the worst.   The reason I’m posting here is because I’m wondering if any of you guys experienced sensory disturbances while withdrawing from Effexor, or any AD for that matter? It’s kinda hard to describe, and probably similar or related to the mythical “brain zaps” (although I tend to feel mine more down my arms and in my palms/feet) but it’s been pretty distracting during this last taper. It’s like whenever I feel that weird zapping sensation it just ends up pulsing on and off with my heartbeat for a while, and every time it pulses it makes my vision and hearing skip like a shitty record. It’s not painful by any means, but it’s distracting and uncomfortable and makes me feel like I’m tripping balls, which isn’t great in itself since withdrawal already makes me more anxiety prone, so it just sends me into an “oh god I probably look like I’m high af right now, am I dying??” anxiety spiral, which is far from ideal.   I’m just wondering how the hell im going to get through work this week. I just feel like I need to sleep until this shit is over, and any other possibility makes me feel like crying because it all seems so overwhelming. I’m not even feeling a relapse in depression (I’ve actually been pretty interested/attentive with things during this whole tapering process, thank freaking god)  but this particular step is just so much to deal with, and I can’t exactly tell my boss “hey, I know I’m your only afternoon teacher, but I literally can’t see straight, so can I please go home and fall into a temporary coma?” so I’m completely at a loss here. I wish this shit wasn’t so taboo to discuss, because man this feels unlike anything I’ve ever dealt with before. Like I’ve been completely plastered drunk and more on top of my senses than I am when being buzzed senseless by one of my brain zap sessions, but I still have to watch preschoolers. Ugh.   Any advice on how to get my vision back? Or at least how to speed up the process? In the mean time, im being very careful while driving but until this goes away I just feel like my life is on hold. Well, at least this is my last withdrawal session, right? :)
8z5uyf,80,97,ADR,horror nightmares,effexor,effexor,I’ve been off abilify for 3 weeks now and in my third week started experiencing horror nightmares, exhaustion and suicidal thoughts. Will this go away? Should I try another medication? I currently take 225mg of Effexor and was also on 5mg of abilify. I gained 60lbs in the 2 years I was on it and am now obese. My psychiatrist who prescribed I haven’t seen in a year as where we live there is a back load of a wait list and she said I was doing fine a year ago and let me go. My gp recently took me off abilify as I’ve gained so much weight and was binge eating and hungry all the time and it only happened while I was on abilify. I started to get high blood pressure and she said enough was enough. Since being off abilify I felt great first 2 weeks and the 3rd is awful. Suicidal thoughts, not wanting to get out of bed, mood swings, severe exhaustion always tired, and my brain feels foggy like I’m not real. Along with the awful nightmares I’m ready to give up. will this eventually stop? Should I try something else?
8z5uyf,99,109,ADR,exhaustion,effexor,effexor,I’ve been off abilify for 3 weeks now and in my third week started experiencing horror nightmares, exhaustion and suicidal thoughts. Will this go away? Should I try another medication? I currently take 225mg of Effexor and was also on 5mg of abilify. I gained 60lbs in the 2 years I was on it and am now obese. My psychiatrist who prescribed I haven’t seen in a year as where we live there is a back load of a wait list and she said I was doing fine a year ago and let me go. My gp recently took me off abilify as I’ve gained so much weight and was binge eating and hungry all the time and it only happened while I was on abilify. I started to get high blood pressure and she said enough was enough. Since being off abilify I felt great first 2 weeks and the 3rd is awful. Suicidal thoughts, not wanting to get out of bed, mood swings, severe exhaustion always tired, and my brain feels foggy like I’m not real. Along with the awful nightmares I’m ready to give up. will this eventually stop? Should I try something else?
8z5uyf,114,131,ADR,suicidal thoughts,effexor,effexor,I’ve been off abilify for 3 weeks now and in my third week started experiencing horror nightmares, exhaustion and suicidal thoughts. Will this go away? Should I try another medication? I currently take 225mg of Effexor and was also on 5mg of abilify. I gained 60lbs in the 2 years I was on it and am now obese. My psychiatrist who prescribed I haven’t seen in a year as where we live there is a back load of a wait list and she said I was doing fine a year ago and let me go. My gp recently took me off abilify as I’ve gained so much weight and was binge eating and hungry all the time and it only happened while I was on abilify. I started to get high blood pressure and she said enough was enough. Since being off abilify I felt great first 2 weeks and the 3rd is awful. Suicidal thoughts, not wanting to get out of bed, mood swings, severe exhaustion always tired, and my brain feels foggy like I’m not real. Along with the awful nightmares I’m ready to give up. will this eventually stop? Should I try something else?
8z5uyf,304,309,ADR,obese,effexor,effexor,I’ve been off abilify for 3 weeks now and in my third week started experiencing horror nightmares, exhaustion and suicidal thoughts. Will this go away? Should I try another medication? I currently take 225mg of Effexor and was also on 5mg of abilify. I gained 60lbs in the 2 years I was on it and am now obese. My psychiatrist who prescribed I haven’t seen in a year as where we live there is a back load of a wait list and she said I was doing fine a year ago and let me go. My gp recently took me off abilify as I’ve gained so much weight and was binge eating and hungry all the time and it only happened while I was on abilify. I started to get high blood pressure and she said enough was enough. Since being off abilify I felt great first 2 weeks and the 3rd is awful. Suicidal thoughts, not wanting to get out of bed, mood swings, severe exhaustion always tired, and my brain feels foggy like I’m not real. Along with the awful nightmares I’m ready to give up. will this eventually stop? Should I try something else?
8z4ybt,31,41,ADR,obsessions,effexor,effexor,Anyone else feel numb to their obsessions and compulsions? I used to get so frustrated when I would be in the middle of a compulsion "episode," but I feel like after months and months of the same exact shit I just enter a state of depersonalization any time it happens. It actually makes me less motivated to fix my problem because I just keep saying fuck it, I don't care, but I do care and I want to take my medicine but I keep skipping it because of the way it makes me feel/side effects. I feel like I'm messing up my brain by only taking my Effexor every other day at best.
8z4ybt,46,57,ADR,compulsions,effexor,effexor,Anyone else feel numb to their obsessions and compulsions? I used to get so frustrated when I would be in the middle of a compulsion "episode," but I feel like after months and months of the same exact shit I just enter a state of depersonalization any time it happens. It actually makes me less motivated to fix my problem because I just keep saying fuck it, I don't care, but I do care and I want to take my medicine but I keep skipping it because of the way it makes me feel/side effects. I feel like I'm messing up my brain by only taking my Effexor every other day at best.
8z4ybt,231,248,ADR,depersonalization,effexor,effexor,Anyone else feel numb to their obsessions and compulsions? I used to get so frustrated when I would be in the middle of a compulsion "episode," but I feel like after months and months of the same exact shit I just enter a state of depersonalization any time it happens. It actually makes me less motivated to fix my problem because I just keep saying fuck it, I don't care, but I do care and I want to take my medicine but I keep skipping it because of the way it makes me feel/side effects. I feel like I'm messing up my brain by only taking my Effexor every other day at best.
8yv6vs,24,30,ADR,stoned,effexor,effexor,High how are you Pretty stoned and a little vallied. Ended the day with a solo J at a park   How are my stoners?      TiL the dark eye bags are actually cuz of the smoking, not the devil's lettuce!   Q:How much more acid yall reckon I should take for a magical enough experience, for a 1+ year of 225mg effexor user 4+ setraline (ssri) ? My little research says I should do more than standard 100
8ytu95,409,430,ADR,destroyed my appetite,effexor,effexor,How can I consume more calories while on anti-depressants? I weighed around 195 about 6 months ago. I would eat around 3,000 calories a day then would lift heavy about 4-5 days a week.  My anxiety and depression got uncontrollable and I started missing the gym weeks at a time.  I started taking Effexor 6 months ago and it helped a lot. I started going to the gym regularly again, but Effexor has completely destroyed my appetite.  I can go a day without desiring food and this has been going on for months. If I force myself to eat too much (more than 1500 calories a day), I usually throw it up.   During the past 6 months, I have dropped from 190 pounds to about 150. I've lost significant muscle mass even though I go to the gym regularly.  Is there any way that I consume more calories without getting sick? Are there any good mass gainers that I can take to subsidize the lost calories? Has anyone dealt with this?
8yhett,106,116,ADR,withdrawal,effexor,effexor,Too Old a Style? Too Direct Appeal? Working on a web redesign project for this MH facility site: [Effexor withdrawal](https://www.alternativetomeds.com/antidepressant/effexor-withdrawal.html).  Too much the marketing style?  Old fashioned?  Too tight?  Better for such articles of this (for ranking and user experience) to be more Wiki style?
8ybvq5,195,214,ADR,sexual side effects,effexor,effexor,Help me with medication I’m male 20. And have been diagnosed with severe depression and anxiety/ panic disorder. I was put on Effexor a while back and it was increased to 225MG  and noticed some sexual side effects so my doctor switch my medication to duloxetine. I went down to 150 Effexor then to 75 and today was the day I took my first low dose of duloxetine. Anyway, I feel weird. Like spaced out and dizzy? I don’t like it. My family go away tomorrow so I’m going to be left alone which is worrying. Anyway, down to the question. Will I be able to take a 75MG tablet of Effexor today even tho I’ve took a low dose of duloxetine already today? Like I said it’s making me feel weird and I don’t want to start a new medication when I’m alone incase I have bad side effects but I think I’m also feeling weird cause I haven’t had my normal Effexor today so I want to take it incase that makes me feel better and then I can start my new medication when my family come back next week. Can someone help me?
8ybvq5,391,401,ADR,spaced out,effexor,effexor,Help me with medication I’m male 20. And have been diagnosed with severe depression and anxiety/ panic disorder. I was put on Effexor a while back and it was increased to 225MG  and noticed some sexual side effects so my doctor switch my medication to duloxetine. I went down to 150 Effexor then to 75 and today was the day I took my first low dose of duloxetine. Anyway, I feel weird. Like spaced out and dizzy? I don’t like it. My family go away tomorrow so I’m going to be left alone which is worrying. Anyway, down to the question. Will I be able to take a 75MG tablet of Effexor today even tho I’ve took a low dose of duloxetine already today? Like I said it’s making me feel weird and I don’t want to start a new medication when I’m alone incase I have bad side effects but I think I’m also feeling weird cause I haven’t had my normal Effexor today so I want to take it incase that makes me feel better and then I can start my new medication when my family come back next week. Can someone help me?
8ybvq5,406,411,ADR,dizzy,effexor,effexor,Help me with medication I’m male 20. And have been diagnosed with severe depression and anxiety/ panic disorder. I was put on Effexor a while back and it was increased to 225MG  and noticed some sexual side effects so my doctor switch my medication to duloxetine. I went down to 150 Effexor then to 75 and today was the day I took my first low dose of duloxetine. Anyway, I feel weird. Like spaced out and dizzy? I don’t like it. My family go away tomorrow so I’m going to be left alone which is worrying. Anyway, down to the question. Will I be able to take a 75MG tablet of Effexor today even tho I’ve took a low dose of duloxetine already today? Like I said it’s making me feel weird and I don’t want to start a new medication when I’m alone incase I have bad side effects but I think I’m also feeling weird cause I haven’t had my normal Effexor today so I want to take it incase that makes me feel better and then I can start my new medication when my family come back next week. Can someone help me?
8ybcfk,252,269,ADR,urinary retention,effexor,effexor,What would happen to a person who... Takes this 3 drugs together: 37.5 Mg of venlafaxine (Effexor XR) + 30 Mg of Mirtazapine (Rameron) + 15 Mg of Methylphenidate (Ritalin)  I have serious anxiety problems and ADHD. 75 Mg of venlafaxine gave me serious urinary retention but I am fine at 37.5 Mg. My psychiatrist suggested taking the California rocket fuel. But I also need Ritalin (I haven’t taken it yet but my collage results are terrible and I am failing at just sitting down and studying).  What are the interactions between these 3 different drugs? Is it dangerous to take them together?
8y7dy7,565,573,ADR,suicidal,effexor,effexor,Worst 2 weeks of my life I've been struggling with anxiety and depression for basically as long as I can remember in my 24 year lifespan though the first time I can consciously remember being like yup this is that was when I was 11. But that's not important, what's important is that last December I finally went to my doctor and tried to get medicated. Since December I've been on 3 different medications to treat my brain, cipralex for 4.5 months and it made me sleep 18 hours a day, Effexor for 4.5 weeks that either did jack shit or made it worse because I was suicidal and I got off that ASAP when I realized I was just sitting there trying to figure out how to kill myself without making anyone sad, and now Prozac for the last 2ish weeks. Now you may be thinking ah worst 2 weeks, 2 weeks on Prozac, maybe some relation? Not as far as I know, this is all just background, setting the stage.   So 2 weeks ago, on June 29 I switched meds from the Effexor to Prozac. For 3 days I experienced some hellish withdrawal symptoms or something because I felt like I was drunk off my ass while standing on a boat in the middle of a hurricane. On July 3, my boyfriend and I broke up after just over a year together. It was mutual, it was amicable, but I was still devastated and  was basically catatonic, not able to do anything without sobbing for 2-3 days. I went through 3 boxes of Kleenex. When I finally got a bit of a handle on that I went back to trying to function and finally checked my email again while working on yet another draft of my current chapter for my masters thesis. It was then that I discovered on the 2nd my advisor had communicated with my schools admin and told them I needed to be put on medical leave. Now I know my work for the last god knows how long has been subpar, sleeping 18 hours a day, being suicidal, and/or being too anxious to function will do that, so here I am feeling as if I'm the biggest disappointment and failure. I eventually come to realize no, this is the absolute best thing I could do right now, take the rest of the semester, move back home, get my head on straight, work on my self care and have a plan and really come back and just kill it. So I started filling out the paperwork and getting all the signatures I needed, all of admin was incredibly understanding and kind and helpful. Then it comes time to get my advisors signature. Turns out she actually wants to drop me from my MSc. She's is currently "deciding" if she's going to put me down for permanent or temporary withdrawal from my masters as she believes that a month and a half will not be enough time for me to get my shit together and her funding for my project will run out in the new year. I understand where she's coming from with the funding thing, I do, but I've spent the last 2 years working on this thesis and if she forces me to drop to the course based masters, I'm still at least 2 semesters from being done, I still have to keep paying tuition and taking more courses, and then all of a sudden the work I've done just gets downgraded from a thesis that I've poured my heart and soul into for 2 years into a "project". I suggested I could come back part time instead of full time so she's no longer obligated to pay me. Because her funding would run out and she needs results from that she'd give my thesis topic to someone else to completely redo and write, on top of their own work, and I would have to start over. She'd rather give my masters thesis topic to someone who is already working on their Phd than give me a chance to prove to her that I can finish it.  I'm currently just waiting to find out if she'll believe in me or not. Now I'm not saying I necessarily deserve belief, I have been incredibly disappointing to her and myself, but why is it that everyone else is understanding just not her? This isn't even uncommon apparently, I don't even need to provide medical proof admin will just take it at face value, but all of a sudden one and a half months of not working makes the difference between being able to finish or not?   I'm sorry. I know this ended up ranty. I just needed to say something to someone somewhere because I can't make the thoughts stop racing telling me I'm a failure and a disappointment and that I should just give up now and withdraw myself and not bother anyone ever again. I don't even know what I've said. I think I'm mid breakdown. It's 2:30am and I can't sleep I just thought writing it out might've helped.
8y4kos,944,954,ADR,brain-zaps,effexor,effexor,Can I Double To 100 MG's of Pristiq? After a lot of hesitation and reluctancy, I finally agreed to let my dad take me to see his G.P.    I usually don't like my dad being in my life, but we discussed my history of Anxiety, depression, Aspergers and Tourettes.    Before seeing a new doctor, I had been on Effexor (150 MGs) for about 2 years prior and been happy with it. It doesn't nessesarily make me happier, but it numbs it and helps me sleep a lot.     I went from 150 of Effexor to what he prescribed me with Cymbalta (Which I was on 100 MGs for a month). Which, like the other drugs, never really did anything (this is why I like SSRI's, because they're more aggressive). A month later (AKA a week ago) we decided to try Pristiq. Apparently the FDA is iffy on letting it by covered by most health insurance companies.       I know it's only been a week and I need to give it more time, however, I've been getting the disorientation, mild brain-zaps and dizziness when standing and walking. Is anyone here an expert on Pristiq? Can I just jump start to 100 MG's without any side effects? I can't stand being on this low of a dose.
8y4kos,959,968,ADR,dizziness,effexor,effexor,Can I Double To 100 MG's of Pristiq? After a lot of hesitation and reluctancy, I finally agreed to let my dad take me to see his G.P.    I usually don't like my dad being in my life, but we discussed my history of Anxiety, depression, Aspergers and Tourettes.    Before seeing a new doctor, I had been on Effexor (150 MGs) for about 2 years prior and been happy with it. It doesn't nessesarily make me happier, but it numbs it and helps me sleep a lot.     I went from 150 of Effexor to what he prescribed me with Cymbalta (Which I was on 100 MGs for a month). Which, like the other drugs, never really did anything (this is why I like SSRI's, because they're more aggressive). A month later (AKA a week ago) we decided to try Pristiq. Apparently the FDA is iffy on letting it by covered by most health insurance companies.       I know it's only been a week and I need to give it more time, however, I've been getting the disorientation, mild brain-zaps and dizziness when standing and walking. Is anyone here an expert on Pristiq? Can I just jump start to 100 MG's without any side effects? I can't stand being on this low of a dose.
8y43xf,117,141,ADR,bladder neck obstruction,effexor,effexor,Does this sounds like a stricture or anything familiar? Can anybody tell me if my symptoms sound like a structure or bladder neck obstruction? I’m getting a cystoscopy Monday to check BUT I’ve had some urinary symptoms the past 5 months that have had a huge impact on my life  -the worst is urinary hesitancy. Sometimes it only takes me a few minutes to go, but usually it’s like 5 and at worst I’ve sat on the toilet for an hour with no success. It doesn’t matter if I’m home alone it still takes awhile. I pee about the same anywhere where there’s a stall (I pee sitting down now)  -urethral sensation that feels like there is something stuck in the urethral  -urgency that gets much worse an hour after peeing, but bladder isn’t full enough to cause that kind of urgency  -I have frequency but I’ve peed a lot for a long time, way before this I peed every hour and a half to two hours so frequency doesn’t bother me really unless I’m drinking alcohol  -no real pain  -Tightness of perenium and anus  Honestly if I didn’t have urinate hesitancy I wouldn’t even be bothered by the other symptoms. I used to have slight nocturia but now I’m only up at most once a night to pee. No sensitivities to food, drink alcohol sometimes with no change, and have caffeine pills I take every once and awhile  Currently I take:  Effexor Flomax Valium as needed And ZMA tablets
8y43xf,291,308,ADR,urinary hesitancy,effexor,effexor,Does this sounds like a stricture or anything familiar? Can anybody tell me if my symptoms sound like a structure or bladder neck obstruction? I’m getting a cystoscopy Monday to check BUT I’ve had some urinary symptoms the past 5 months that have had a huge impact on my life  -the worst is urinary hesitancy. Sometimes it only takes me a few minutes to go, but usually it’s like 5 and at worst I’ve sat on the toilet for an hour with no success. It doesn’t matter if I’m home alone it still takes awhile. I pee about the same anywhere where there’s a stall (I pee sitting down now)  -urethral sensation that feels like there is something stuck in the urethral  -urgency that gets much worse an hour after peeing, but bladder isn’t full enough to cause that kind of urgency  -I have frequency but I’ve peed a lot for a long time, way before this I peed every hour and a half to two hours so frequency doesn’t bother me really unless I’m drinking alcohol  -no real pain  -Tightness of perenium and anus  Honestly if I didn’t have urinate hesitancy I wouldn’t even be bothered by the other symptoms. I used to have slight nocturia but now I’m only up at most once a night to pee. No sensitivities to food, drink alcohol sometimes with no change, and have caffeine pills I take every once and awhile  Currently I take:  Effexor Flomax Valium as needed And ZMA tablets
8y41jg,461,476,ADR,weight I gained,effexor,effexor,Do I need help? Hi guys, so I’m not here looking for a diagnosis, I know you can’t do that, but I do want some opinions because I’m kind of scared that maybe I was misdiagnosed in high school cause I didn’t tell my therapists everything.  I’m 23, female, and there’s a reason I didn’t tell them everything. I was diagnosed with severe depression/anxiety. I was put on Effexor and later put on Abilify instead. I stopped taking them cause of the crazy amount of weight I gained. So I have never told anyone any of these things. I was already in the mental hospital a couple times for saying I wanted to kill myself and this was all already causing a lot of shit with my mom and stepdad (they already hated me, we already didn’t get along, but this made everything worse and she was telling all my therapists that I was making up the stuff I was saying for attention.) So basically I wanna know if any of this is normal, maybe I’m overthinking stuff and there’s nothing actually wrong with me.   ~So I know imaginary friends are completely normal, and my sister who was like 4/5 also played with these imaginary friends with me. There was one though that liked to sleep in the vents at night and watched me. Well when I was in high school, the feeling of being watched through the vents came back but it was real life friends from school, they were in the vents watching me, talking about me, they knew everything about me. When we moved to a new apartment, i felt like there were cameras in the vents, like the managers there put cameras everywhere. Sometimes it was an upstairs neighbor watching me like if I was singing or something. The cameras followed me to my fiancé’s house and I feel like maybe they put cameras around here without telling me.   ~Around actual cameras, like when I was working or at his parents house, I feel completely exposed like someone’s actually sitting there watching me on their phone for the whole shift or wherever the camera footage goes to and one time my boss at my first job said she does look in sometimes so you can imagine what that did to me lol. And then like I could hear them saying from the camera like how either good I was at my job or how stupid I was being and that they should fire me.   ~When I say like I can hear people, it’s in my head, I’ve never actually heard voices outside (I’ve heard other things but it’s not often, and it’s mostly like I’ve heard someone say my name, ok that’s a voice but that could be normal idk or a few times I’ve heard my dogs fighting like try to kill each other fighting) idk if that matters? It’s like the voices along with me “knowing” someone’s watching. I also don’t think I’ve had hallucinations? Maybe some minor ones, last night I saw a flash outside like as if someone took a picture and my trash can scared me.   ~I’ve also felt watched from laptops, phones, shit even stuffed animals. I’ve also taped my laptop camera in the past, now I usually just put a shirt or something over it.  ~Basically I just feel watched through everything and being out in public is hard cause I can “hear” people talking about me, watching me, they think I’m disgusting so I don’t leave very often. Also when I’m with someone in public it’s hard to talk to them cause everyone around me can hear me talking and I don’t wanna sound stupid.  ~I’ve actually tried blocking my thoughts cause I thought people could hear me thinking and I didn’t wanna think the wrong thing. Also, I used to go to church and “believed” in God for a little bit, I don’t think I actually did though cause ironically I think of myself as a pretty logical person, sometimes it comes out like when I’m really, down. But anyway sometimes back then and still now, I’ve had thoughts that what if the Christian people I know get told my thoughts from God, like I’ve thought things about them and they’re gonna know cause God will tell them.   ~I’ve felt that I could control stuff with my head, and sometimes I feel like I can predict when something’s about to happen. When I was in 8th grade I actually told someone that I had like powers and that when her and her girlfriend broke up I could make them get back together, I don’t think I told her how? But I thought about them being together and the next day her ex started talking to her again apologizing and they were together for a while, but btw I really liked her so I was like ok enough in my head and they broke up. We got together years later and were actually together for 4 years. She was the only person I ever told that to but I never talked about it again after 8th grade.   There’s so much more like I’ve taken on people’s personalities like my ex had a country accent and like I developed one but I still do it now like with my fiancé’s brothers fiancé, she’s kinda like my ex in ways so idk, but even with like people I watch on YouTube, or shows or singers. I’ve been vegan on and off for three years and depending on who I watch I’ll go back to wanting to be vegan or not. Sometimes I’m like cute and girly, sometimes the opposite. I have no idea who I am as an individual. I’m like a mix of friends from years ago, people from now. Also I’m not like the same person every day? Like depending on my mood and who I’m around I’m different. In middle and high school I made up like stories of stuff I did, but it was really like something someone else did. Everything I do or say is based on something someone else would do. Idk.   There’s so much more, I’m pretty obsessive with things, I’m extremely self isolating, self destructive, I may have some kind of an eating disorder, I have a very hard time focusing on anything (sometimes I get a song stuck in my head that will repeat 24/7 and the harder I try to focus on something like reading or listening to someone talk it gets louder) I’m impulsive, I dropped out of high school, I can’t keep a job. One time I tried to go to this training program to be a phlebotomist, I spent $500 and ran away within 2 hours and just drove nowhere for like 7 hours. And even posting this is going to drive me crazy cause all I’m gonna hear is there’s nothing wrong you don’t need help stop being dumb.  I was really trying not to make this as long as it was. I’m so sorry, thank you for reading this. So is any of this something you guys struggle with? Or am I being stupid and overthinking things? Am I in the wrong place? Please help
8y0f0i,106,118,ADR,constipation,effexor,effexor,Antidepressant treatment for IBS wearing off?? I started taking effexor, an antidepressant known to cause constipation, in January for my IBS-D and depression. Within the first day of taking the effexor my conditions got significantly better and since then I’ve had nearly constant solid, consistent bowel movements. I was able to reintroduce things like coffee, bread, and dairy yogurt back into my diet with no symptoms except for some gas. In the past week, though, I’ve been having a flare up. Most mornings I haven’t had diarrhea but there have been some where I have and for the rest of the day my stomach would ache. I probably have just eaten something that doesn’t agree with me (I think shitty quality nut milk with a ton of gross additives), but I’m terrified that the effexor is maybe not working for my IBS anymore. I feel like I just got my life back.  Has anyone else had any experience with a treatment’s effectiveness wearing off or with a random flare up during treatment? I’m just not sure if or how this should happen.
8y0f0i,526,534,ADR,diarrhea,effexor,effexor,Antidepressant treatment for IBS wearing off?? I started taking effexor, an antidepressant known to cause constipation, in January for my IBS-D and depression. Within the first day of taking the effexor my conditions got significantly better and since then I’ve had nearly constant solid, consistent bowel movements. I was able to reintroduce things like coffee, bread, and dairy yogurt back into my diet with no symptoms except for some gas. In the past week, though, I’ve been having a flare up. Most mornings I haven’t had diarrhea but there have been some where I have and for the rest of the day my stomach would ache. I probably have just eaten something that doesn’t agree with me (I think shitty quality nut milk with a ton of gross additives), but I’m terrified that the effexor is maybe not working for my IBS anymore. I feel like I just got my life back.  Has anyone else had any experience with a treatment’s effectiveness wearing off or with a random flare up during treatment? I’m just not sure if or how this should happen.
8y0bw8,325,334,ADR,impotency,effexor,effexor,Questions about my meds 25 y/o male 6’2” 209lbs, smoke most of a pack a day, pmhx: depression, anxiety, post traumatic stress, GERD. On Effexor 150mg and Keflex (new med, was supposed to start yesterday).   Question about Effexor. I’ve heard it can mess with “bedroom activities” but I was led to believe it would cause more impotency than any other issues. Could it delay the trigger time for such carnal activities?
8xwgqt,12,23,ADR,withdrawals,effexor,effexor,How bad are withdrawals really? I have experienced withdrawal from multiple street drugs and psychiatric meds including but not limited to alcohol, cocaine, heroin, Suboxone, Klonopin, Valium these being the worst. With Suboxone stealing the #1 spot as the worst, simply because the process is so drawn out. I hear all these horror stories about antidepressants and the brain zaps and vertigo. Say you can't fill a prescription for Effexor, a notoriously difficult SNRI. Are you totally screwed? Will you be sent to the ER? Many have said they tapered painstakingly bead by bead month by month and still went through hell. Not to brag but I stopped 5mg Klonopin/day habit cold turkey with a few 300mg gabapentin advised to take in case of seizures. I found the process not nearly as horrific. I was fine after a few very strange days and restless nights. Even my psychiatrist was surprised. Also for small measure, I quit amitriptiline cold turkey after two weeks. There was a strange feeling of vertigo but disappeared within hours and I didn't miss a night of sleep. Granted I only took it for two weeks. My question is this. How would you rate your AD withdrawal to other meds. Is it even comparable? I ask because really want to go on Effexor long term
8xwgqt,370,380,ADR,brain zaps,effexor,effexor,How bad are withdrawals really? I have experienced withdrawal from multiple street drugs and psychiatric meds including but not limited to alcohol, cocaine, heroin, Suboxone, Klonopin, Valium these being the worst. With Suboxone stealing the #1 spot as the worst, simply because the process is so drawn out. I hear all these horror stories about antidepressants and the brain zaps and vertigo. Say you can't fill a prescription for Effexor, a notoriously difficult SNRI. Are you totally screwed? Will you be sent to the ER? Many have said they tapered painstakingly bead by bead month by month and still went through hell. Not to brag but I stopped 5mg Klonopin/day habit cold turkey with a few 300mg gabapentin advised to take in case of seizures. I found the process not nearly as horrific. I was fine after a few very strange days and restless nights. Even my psychiatrist was surprised. Also for small measure, I quit amitriptiline cold turkey after two weeks. There was a strange feeling of vertigo but disappeared within hours and I didn't miss a night of sleep. Granted I only took it for two weeks. My question is this. How would you rate your AD withdrawal to other meds. Is it even comparable? I ask because really want to go on Effexor long term
8xwgqt,385,392,ADR,vertigo,effexor,effexor,How bad are withdrawals really? I have experienced withdrawal from multiple street drugs and psychiatric meds including but not limited to alcohol, cocaine, heroin, Suboxone, Klonopin, Valium these being the worst. With Suboxone stealing the #1 spot as the worst, simply because the process is so drawn out. I hear all these horror stories about antidepressants and the brain zaps and vertigo. Say you can't fill a prescription for Effexor, a notoriously difficult SNRI. Are you totally screwed? Will you be sent to the ER? Many have said they tapered painstakingly bead by bead month by month and still went through hell. Not to brag but I stopped 5mg Klonopin/day habit cold turkey with a few 300mg gabapentin advised to take in case of seizures. I found the process not nearly as horrific. I was fine after a few very strange days and restless nights. Even my psychiatrist was surprised. Also for small measure, I quit amitriptiline cold turkey after two weeks. There was a strange feeling of vertigo but disappeared within hours and I didn't miss a night of sleep. Granted I only took it for two weeks. My question is this. How would you rate your AD withdrawal to other meds. Is it even comparable? I ask because really want to go on Effexor long term
8xv3cm,285,291,ADR,Nausea,effexor,effexor,Lexapro &amp; Wellbutrin ---&gt; Effexor: Easy as pie. Effexor ---&gt; Prozac: Fuuuuuuuck Switching from Lexapro &amp; Wellbutrin to effexor was easy.  Being on effexor has been a hassle.  I'm switching to Prozac now, on week 3 of the titration and boy oh boy are there side effects.  Nausea, tiredness, sadness, anger, and of course everything that comes with your body thinking you missed your dose of effexor.  This is not fun.
8xv3cm,293,302,ADR,tiredness,effexor,effexor,Lexapro &amp; Wellbutrin ---&gt; Effexor: Easy as pie. Effexor ---&gt; Prozac: Fuuuuuuuck Switching from Lexapro &amp; Wellbutrin to effexor was easy.  Being on effexor has been a hassle.  I'm switching to Prozac now, on week 3 of the titration and boy oh boy are there side effects.  Nausea, tiredness, sadness, anger, and of course everything that comes with your body thinking you missed your dose of effexor.  This is not fun.
8xv3cm,304,311,ADR,sadness,effexor,effexor,Lexapro &amp; Wellbutrin ---&gt; Effexor: Easy as pie. Effexor ---&gt; Prozac: Fuuuuuuuck Switching from Lexapro &amp; Wellbutrin to effexor was easy.  Being on effexor has been a hassle.  I'm switching to Prozac now, on week 3 of the titration and boy oh boy are there side effects.  Nausea, tiredness, sadness, anger, and of course everything that comes with your body thinking you missed your dose of effexor.  This is not fun.
8xv3cm,313,318,ADR,anger,effexor,effexor,Lexapro &amp; Wellbutrin ---&gt; Effexor: Easy as pie. Effexor ---&gt; Prozac: Fuuuuuuuck Switching from Lexapro &amp; Wellbutrin to effexor was easy.  Being on effexor has been a hassle.  I'm switching to Prozac now, on week 3 of the titration and boy oh boy are there side effects.  Nausea, tiredness, sadness, anger, and of course everything that comes with your body thinking you missed your dose of effexor.  This is not fun.
8zw7k9,11,24,ADR,memory issues,geodon,geodon,Geodon and memory issues/lowered mental capacity? I think geodon is making me stupid.  That's the easiest way to explain it. I'm slow, I can't remember basic math skills, I forget words and names of things, I can't hold information in my head for more than a few seconds, I forget how to get home from work sometimes. I used to be extremely sharp and intelligent. Early onset alzheimers runs in my family and I know geodon can't be prescribed to the elderly because it advances alzheimers/dementia. I'm only 26 and I'm scared that my medication is doing permanent damage. Has anyone else experienced this? I owe my psychiatrist a ton of money so its going to be a month before I can see him again.
8zw7k9,25,48,ADR,lowered mental capacity,geodon,geodon,Geodon and memory issues/lowered mental capacity? I think geodon is making me stupid.  That's the easiest way to explain it. I'm slow, I can't remember basic math skills, I forget words and names of things, I can't hold information in my head for more than a few seconds, I forget how to get home from work sometimes. I used to be extremely sharp and intelligent. Early onset alzheimers runs in my family and I know geodon can't be prescribed to the elderly because it advances alzheimers/dementia. I'm only 26 and I'm scared that my medication is doing permanent damage. Has anyone else experienced this? I owe my psychiatrist a ton of money so its going to be a month before I can see him again.
8yxkks,67,75,ADR,paranoia,geodon,geodon,Any difference between Geodon and injectable risperidone? Does the paranoia about everyone hear your thoughts with the injectable risperidone and geodon go away compared to risperidone tablets? Any side effects?
8yc887,570,577,ADR,tremors,geodon,geodon,I am not okay I have 2 stressful meetings today. My 10 was all yelling with 20% directed to me. I got put on 2 subteams as an outcome but basically everyone thinks I broke something and I didn’t. I even sent proof I didn’t.   My 2 is to go over my bad review. I emailed with my argument for why I should get a better score. I don’t know how the voice meeting will go but I’m bad at confrontation.   My neck hurt from my car accident so I took the naproxen and muscle relaxer. I started hallucinating so I took a 20 of geodon.   I’m just sitting here sweating and having tremors. I feel really like not okay. I’m sure I’ll feel better once my 2 is over - or at least I hope I do.   My husband said he would come home and I thought it was because I was doing so bad. No, he is doing a Pokémon go ex raid by our house and stopped by for maybe 3 minutes. Whatever, I don’t need to be so needy and I can just deal with this on my own.   I maybe shouldn’t have taken the muscle relaxer.
8y5ikz,398,412,ADR,hearing demons,geodon,geodon,Discouraged I had a bad day today.   I met with my psychiatrist in the morning and he a) canceled my antidepressant (Wellbutrin) because we were both concerned that it was interfering with my antipsychotics, and b) doubled my dose of Latuda from 40mg to 80mg while keeping my Geodon steady at 180mg. We discussed the possibility of going to the hospital soon if the voices don't let up - I've been hearing demons nonstop and basically living in a state of constant fear for weeks now. They want me to kill myself. The latest is that I should drive a screwdriver into my brain through my ear.   Then I came home and overate horribly. I've been eating so well for weeks now and I totally ruined it.   I just feel so discouraged and like nothing is going the way that it should. My best friend is visiting next week from the other side of the country - I haven't seen her in two years now - and I'm afraid that she's either going to have a shitty visit because I'm going to be curled up in bed the whole time talking to myself to stave off the voices, or worse, in the hospital.   I'm looking into getting an unpaid leave of absence from my job. Both my parents and my psychiatrist think I should just quit, saying that it's not healthy for me (especially because I work nights). I don't know if I agree with *that* part or not, since I think my sleep has been ok, but for the job in general I don't know how much longer I can handle it. I had to run outside a couple of shifts ago when the voices became too much and the demons were closing in on me.   How do you handle feeling shitty and discouraged?
8zydgi,1435,1444,ADR,addictive,vyvanse,vyvanse,Vyvanse makes me love my mom and life I just took my first ever drug (Vyvanse) to complete some summer school work and take my finals for it but it had a really large effect that I didn’t expect.  I took and waited about an 45 mins (50 mg) when I finally realized I was prioritizing homework over other things so that was my cue to go and do some stuff. I worked for a solid few hours and suddenly got a huge urge to go and talk to my mom.  For the rest of the night probably 4 or 5 hours I sat and had a great deep conversation with my mom that ended up with her crying in a good way and it became very emotional. I took a shower and ended up having a deep loving talk with my girlfriend and I finally finished up all my homework. I ended up going and sitting in my bed and just realizing how much I loved life. Before I took Vyvanse I had just a mediocre outlook on life and would get depressed occasionally but I’m mostly emotionally and mentally stable. I wasn’t too knowledgeable on Vyvanse but i fell asleep on it and woke up still effected.  That day even after the come down (which I didn’t feel at all, extremely smooth) I had a completely different outlook on life and I completely changed my way of thinking on humanity. This new way of thinking has stuck with me and I can’t help but think that maybe it’s only me that had such a great experience. I’ll be trying it again for the next time I need finals because I know how addictive it is mentally.  I know this experience will eventually go away but I hope my tolerance never increases considering I will only take it very occasionally. Has anyone else experienced Vyvanse or any other drug like it (adderall) like that?
8zww2q,509,515,ADR,panick,vyvanse,vyvanse,what are signs my dose is too high or low? Hi, im on vyvanse 40mg (have been for about 6 months, probably more) and ive been having problems recently; when i take it in the morning after about 20-30ish minutes i get this feeling of motivation and i feel very ready to do things/more interested in a task.   But instead of doing my work i find i spend almost an hour on less important things (especially washing my face, doing little things ive been putting off like cleaning parts of my room), and then i get panicky that im not doing my real work.   It also makes me think of all the things ive been trying to do, and messes up my emotional state a bit esp my anxiety  TL;DR: im finally able to physically do all the things in my head, but my mind is still racing so it just means i switch tasks every 10 minutes, which is frustrating/stressful. Does this mean im taking too much or too little? (or do i just need to work on my planning?)
8zul54,2520,2527,ADR,binging,vyvanse,vyvanse,A little bit about my 18 year journey with EDs. This is long, and I am sorry, but I thought someone might relate/want to discuss their history.  I grew up in a very affluent, image and success focused community with excellent schools. Middle and high school bathrooms smelled like puke especially in the science campus, girls would nibble on an apple or whatever and sip diet coke. One girl disguised it as Crohns (sp?) disease, which is actually pretty clever. The moms were that way, too, just as bad or worse. There are some women there who are at least 20 years older than I am now, jogging in a sports bra and shorts and they look... skeletal really. Like, joints and breastbones protruding skeletal. I almost has a wreck when I drove past one lady because I was amazed. Wonder if she's ok now.  I kind of wonder if it just gets handed down, you know? The obsession to be perfect? From parents to children... My sister's children are already talking about how fat they are (5, 7, and 10 years old!!! And not big in the slightest!!) It's not from her though, I know better. It's the kids talking about it at school. There are almost no other things so looked down upon as "fat" in that community. Probably being poor or brown-skinned, too. Just kidding, it was all white.  Culture there is like this:   "You will take AP classes, you will excel on the ACT and SAT, you will have more than one honors tassel at graduation, you will engage in extracurriculars, you will learn languages and get scholarships and go to bragging rights universities and MOST OF ALL you damn well better be thin, attractive, and well-dressed at all times. Oh and don't wreck your car when you are high."  I managed academically quite well, enrolled as a sophomore thanks to AP credits, but I never felt like I measured up to the thin girls who were taller than me and in the same classes. And that mattered more than intelligence or honors. I felt like a troll bumbling along, always trying to fit in but never quite. I'm 35 and the way I grew up there still fucks with me especially when I travel to visit.   The pressure crushed some of us mentally, and some sailed through it like it was second nature. I wonder occasionally if any of them are like me, still struggling or if they just live, adapted to that way of life.  I had treatment twice, inpatient, first at 19 and again at 23. The behaviors have varied. Sometimes starving and killing the elliptical (sometimes I said they were religious fasts tho I chainsmoked lol), sometimes binging and purging with vomiting and laxatives and exercise (yes all in the same BP cycle), sometimes special diets like raw or vegan. The starvation landed me in inpatient first with a BMI around 17 and a nasogastric tube, which I fought. The BP led to chest pain, heart damage, and another trip to inpatient. My electrolytes were dangerously out of balance.  As life moved on, I skated on the border of disordered behaviors. Drugs, self harm, drinking, trying to find meaning through a man (now divorced). I cycle through the behaviors still but it is hard, really hard. Diagnosed with bipolar disorder in high school, I've been medicated for almost 20 years.  Do you have any idea how soul crushing it is to do "everything right" and still gain weight? Or you start binging and sleeping! Not doing shit about it! And then you come to find out it is the medications that are. Supposedly. Keeping. You. Sane.  A few years ago, after another suicide attempt, I laid it all out there for my psychiatrist, who has known me since the beginning. Either give meds that don't make me binge or I will outright refuse. Now, I have an acceptable cocktail, though the antidepressant is not as weight gain neutral as I want, and she is treating the binging with Vyvanse. Which i , of course, initially abused because I'm a fuckwit.  Does it get better? It can and has, but it is always there. I think I will go my grave feeling like that troll girl lagging behind the thin, beautiful girls. My family is so over the ED that they get disgusted when I bring it up, even though they are my only support, besides my therapist who is a lovely person but not a specialist. My life is graphic design/art (don't leave the house) my cat and food and weight. What will the magic bullet be this month, you know? Adjust macros and fasting, don't work out too hard (heart is fucked). More strength or more cardio? Add some carbs for the mythical "whoosh" or do protein, with minimal fat and carbs? And let's not forget the days I REALLY fuck up and binge. Yep, laxatives are back though I only need five as opposed to 13-15 many years ago.  I just really wanted to put my story here. Maybe it will help someone to be a little kinder to themselves today and perhaps avoid years of misery, or someone can reach out and relate.  Thank you for reading; you guys have helped me feel less alone more than you know. 💘
8znkw5,196,215,ADR,suppressed appetite,vyvanse,vyvanse,Gaining muscle while on meds in the face of reduced appetite. So i've just been diagnosed and will be trying Vyvanse 50mg fairly soon at 20 years old.  I've read that it's pretty common to have a suppressed appetite, and I definitely experienced the same in past \[pre-diagnosis\] use of ritalin and nicotine.   So is it plausible to make gains if you have to slog through a meal at Lunch, without eating heavily prior to a drug taking effect or right at the end of the day?   Usually my issue with actually exercising is being too disorganised or anxious, so I'm wondering if I need to be particularly careful while on meds or if muscular exercises are futile or needed to prevent atrophy. I've mistreated my body enough before to be wrecked by going for runs when malnourished and underslept. Should I be especially weary of exhaustion?
8znigq,221,226,ADR,tired,vyvanse,vyvanse,Do physical activites while on stimulants! I switched from Ritalin (and other drugs, containing methlyphenidate) to dexamphetamine (Vyvanse and Dexedrine).  I noticed on Vyvanse and Dexedrine that they can make me really tired. Especially in the morning, when I take my drugs and do some stuff on my table, I could literally go back to bed. It's even more bad in the afternoon.  They let me concentrate and focus better, but on the other hand, they take my drive away completely.  But, when I do heavy physical activities, like weightlifting, I feel like newborn after 10 minutes.  Becareful: Don't do cardio, just high-intensive and short-time activities like weight lifting!  Guys, it does make a HUGE difference. Try it out! That's one of those simple things nobody appreciate...
8zmff2,970,985,ADR,Inattentiveness,vyvanse,vyvanse,Has anyone else tried basically every med like I have...with minimal results? I am not seeking medication advice - I just want some reassurance that I am not alone in my struggle. I have tried Concerta, Ritalin, Focalin, Adderall, Vyvanse, Strattera, Wellbutrin, guanficine, Modafinil (Modalert), Armodafinil, and maybe a few others. Nothing has giving me the "Oh wow i can concentrate now!" experience like I have read so much about. The only thing that has helped me in the slightest is Adderall - basically not going over 7.5mg per dose because then the negatives out-weigh the positives.   I believe my problem to be a mixture of anxiety and ADD, but...really I am kind of done searching for medications...i've just tried too many to the point where I feel that even tho I know I have ADD, the chemical abundances in my brain are different than the normal ADDer. And therefor, the normal medication (so far in my experience) has not helped me like it does others.   Inattentiveness, constant anxious thoughts, and distractibility are how my brain works. And I may just have to accept this forever. Anyone else have a similar experience? Thanks for reading.
8zmff2,996,1012,ADR,anxious thoughts,vyvanse,vyvanse,Has anyone else tried basically every med like I have...with minimal results? I am not seeking medication advice - I just want some reassurance that I am not alone in my struggle. I have tried Concerta, Ritalin, Focalin, Adderall, Vyvanse, Strattera, Wellbutrin, guanficine, Modafinil (Modalert), Armodafinil, and maybe a few others. Nothing has giving me the "Oh wow i can concentrate now!" experience like I have read so much about. The only thing that has helped me in the slightest is Adderall - basically not going over 7.5mg per dose because then the negatives out-weigh the positives.   I believe my problem to be a mixture of anxiety and ADD, but...really I am kind of done searching for medications...i've just tried too many to the point where I feel that even tho I know I have ADD, the chemical abundances in my brain are different than the normal ADDer. And therefor, the normal medication (so far in my experience) has not helped me like it does others.   Inattentiveness, constant anxious thoughts, and distractibility are how my brain works. And I may just have to accept this forever. Anyone else have a similar experience? Thanks for reading.
8zmff2,1018,1033,ADR,distractibility,vyvanse,vyvanse,Has anyone else tried basically every med like I have...with minimal results? I am not seeking medication advice - I just want some reassurance that I am not alone in my struggle. I have tried Concerta, Ritalin, Focalin, Adderall, Vyvanse, Strattera, Wellbutrin, guanficine, Modafinil (Modalert), Armodafinil, and maybe a few others. Nothing has giving me the "Oh wow i can concentrate now!" experience like I have read so much about. The only thing that has helped me in the slightest is Adderall - basically not going over 7.5mg per dose because then the negatives out-weigh the positives.   I believe my problem to be a mixture of anxiety and ADD, but...really I am kind of done searching for medications...i've just tried too many to the point where I feel that even tho I know I have ADD, the chemical abundances in my brain are different than the normal ADDer. And therefor, the normal medication (so far in my experience) has not helped me like it does others.   Inattentiveness, constant anxious thoughts, and distractibility are how my brain works. And I may just have to accept this forever. Anyone else have a similar experience? Thanks for reading.
8zm4cm,30,35,ADR,tired,vyvanse,vyvanse,Is this normal? I'm unusually tired I'm 25, about 5'3 and 155lbs. I have smoked socially, it's not a habit/regular occurance. And I take Vyvanse, wellbutrin, and also klonopin as needed. Oh I'm female too.     Over the past like 3 weeks I have become more and more tired. With yesterday and today being the worst it's ever been. It feels like no amount of sleep leaves me feeling well rested. I usually hurt when I wake up, my whole body just aches from head to toe. I feel like I have no energy or motivation to get anything done. I've become more irritable and lethargic at my work. I've been sleeping through my alarms in the morning, making me late for work several times. Falling asleep at work as well...what is going on with me?
8zm4cm,549,558,ADR,irritable,vyvanse,vyvanse,Is this normal? I'm unusually tired I'm 25, about 5'3 and 155lbs. I have smoked socially, it's not a habit/regular occurance. And I take Vyvanse, wellbutrin, and also klonopin as needed. Oh I'm female too.     Over the past like 3 weeks I have become more and more tired. With yesterday and today being the worst it's ever been. It feels like no amount of sleep leaves me feeling well rested. I usually hurt when I wake up, my whole body just aches from head to toe. I feel like I have no energy or motivation to get anything done. I've become more irritable and lethargic at my work. I've been sleeping through my alarms in the morning, making me late for work several times. Falling asleep at work as well...what is going on with me?
8zm4cm,563,572,ADR,lethargic,vyvanse,vyvanse,Is this normal? I'm unusually tired I'm 25, about 5'3 and 155lbs. I have smoked socially, it's not a habit/regular occurance. And I take Vyvanse, wellbutrin, and also klonopin as needed. Oh I'm female too.     Over the past like 3 weeks I have become more and more tired. With yesterday and today being the worst it's ever been. It feels like no amount of sleep leaves me feeling well rested. I usually hurt when I wake up, my whole body just aches from head to toe. I feel like I have no energy or motivation to get anything done. I've become more irritable and lethargic at my work. I've been sleeping through my alarms in the morning, making me late for work several times. Falling asleep at work as well...what is going on with me?
8zlud2,105,110,ADR,Angry,vyvanse,vyvanse,Seven weeks (day 50) - Lexapro 5 mg Back again with a brand new rap.  No, not really. Same old bullshit. Angry, agitated, depressed, more anxious. This always, always, *always* happens to me on SSRIs. I'm either cycling, depressed, or hypomanic (thanks a lot Paxil).  I am absolutely *not* going up to 10 mg as I can feel disaster brewing already. I'm losing interest in things I usually find enjoyable (guitar, biking, Fortnite, work, etc.) and instead I'm sleeping in too late, being irrationally pissed off with my family, my situation, and everything that's been going on lately.  I've continually doubted my "bipolar II" diagnosis, but it seems to be rearing its ugly head again now that I'm back on an SSRI. I'm already on a mood stabilizer (lamotrigine 100 mg), but truthfully I find it has little to no effect on my mood and it makes me cognitively slower, which I detest.  Vyvanse was working beautifully before Lexapro kicked in. Now it just adds fuel to the fire, making me generally more irritable as opposed to helping me focus like it did before. Take note: Vyvanse did not trigger these symptoms. These new feelings of depression and anger naturally took effect as soon as the "therapeutic effect" of Lexapro was supposed to kick in, around six weeks in.  Not sure where to go guys. I don't see any solutions again. Maybe I'll look at the tricyclic antidepressants. Fuck it.
8zlud2,112,120,ADR,agitated,vyvanse,vyvanse,Seven weeks (day 50) - Lexapro 5 mg Back again with a brand new rap.  No, not really. Same old bullshit. Angry, agitated, depressed, more anxious. This always, always, *always* happens to me on SSRIs. I'm either cycling, depressed, or hypomanic (thanks a lot Paxil).  I am absolutely *not* going up to 10 mg as I can feel disaster brewing already. I'm losing interest in things I usually find enjoyable (guitar, biking, Fortnite, work, etc.) and instead I'm sleeping in too late, being irrationally pissed off with my family, my situation, and everything that's been going on lately.  I've continually doubted my "bipolar II" diagnosis, but it seems to be rearing its ugly head again now that I'm back on an SSRI. I'm already on a mood stabilizer (lamotrigine 100 mg), but truthfully I find it has little to no effect on my mood and it makes me cognitively slower, which I detest.  Vyvanse was working beautifully before Lexapro kicked in. Now it just adds fuel to the fire, making me generally more irritable as opposed to helping me focus like it did before. Take note: Vyvanse did not trigger these symptoms. These new feelings of depression and anger naturally took effect as soon as the "therapeutic effect" of Lexapro was supposed to kick in, around six weeks in.  Not sure where to go guys. I don't see any solutions again. Maybe I'll look at the tricyclic antidepressants. Fuck it.
8zlud2,122,131,ADR,depressed,vyvanse,vyvanse,Seven weeks (day 50) - Lexapro 5 mg Back again with a brand new rap.  No, not really. Same old bullshit. Angry, agitated, depressed, more anxious. This always, always, *always* happens to me on SSRIs. I'm either cycling, depressed, or hypomanic (thanks a lot Paxil).  I am absolutely *not* going up to 10 mg as I can feel disaster brewing already. I'm losing interest in things I usually find enjoyable (guitar, biking, Fortnite, work, etc.) and instead I'm sleeping in too late, being irrationally pissed off with my family, my situation, and everything that's been going on lately.  I've continually doubted my "bipolar II" diagnosis, but it seems to be rearing its ugly head again now that I'm back on an SSRI. I'm already on a mood stabilizer (lamotrigine 100 mg), but truthfully I find it has little to no effect on my mood and it makes me cognitively slower, which I detest.  Vyvanse was working beautifully before Lexapro kicked in. Now it just adds fuel to the fire, making me generally more irritable as opposed to helping me focus like it did before. Take note: Vyvanse did not trigger these symptoms. These new feelings of depression and anger naturally took effect as soon as the "therapeutic effect" of Lexapro was supposed to kick in, around six weeks in.  Not sure where to go guys. I don't see any solutions again. Maybe I'll look at the tricyclic antidepressants. Fuck it.
8zlud2,138,145,ADR,anxious,vyvanse,vyvanse,Seven weeks (day 50) - Lexapro 5 mg Back again with a brand new rap.  No, not really. Same old bullshit. Angry, agitated, depressed, more anxious. This always, always, *always* happens to me on SSRIs. I'm either cycling, depressed, or hypomanic (thanks a lot Paxil).  I am absolutely *not* going up to 10 mg as I can feel disaster brewing already. I'm losing interest in things I usually find enjoyable (guitar, biking, Fortnite, work, etc.) and instead I'm sleeping in too late, being irrationally pissed off with my family, my situation, and everything that's been going on lately.  I've continually doubted my "bipolar II" diagnosis, but it seems to be rearing its ugly head again now that I'm back on an SSRI. I'm already on a mood stabilizer (lamotrigine 100 mg), but truthfully I find it has little to no effect on my mood and it makes me cognitively slower, which I detest.  Vyvanse was working beautifully before Lexapro kicked in. Now it just adds fuel to the fire, making me generally more irritable as opposed to helping me focus like it did before. Take note: Vyvanse did not trigger these symptoms. These new feelings of depression and anger naturally took effect as soon as the "therapeutic effect" of Lexapro was supposed to kick in, around six weeks in.  Not sure where to go guys. I don't see any solutions again. Maybe I'll look at the tricyclic antidepressants. Fuck it.
8zlud2,1000,1009,ADR,irritable,vyvanse,vyvanse,Seven weeks (day 50) - Lexapro 5 mg Back again with a brand new rap.  No, not really. Same old bullshit. Angry, agitated, depressed, more anxious. This always, always, *always* happens to me on SSRIs. I'm either cycling, depressed, or hypomanic (thanks a lot Paxil).  I am absolutely *not* going up to 10 mg as I can feel disaster brewing already. I'm losing interest in things I usually find enjoyable (guitar, biking, Fortnite, work, etc.) and instead I'm sleeping in too late, being irrationally pissed off with my family, my situation, and everything that's been going on lately.  I've continually doubted my "bipolar II" diagnosis, but it seems to be rearing its ugly head again now that I'm back on an SSRI. I'm already on a mood stabilizer (lamotrigine 100 mg), but truthfully I find it has little to no effect on my mood and it makes me cognitively slower, which I detest.  Vyvanse was working beautifully before Lexapro kicked in. Now it just adds fuel to the fire, making me generally more irritable as opposed to helping me focus like it did before. Take note: Vyvanse did not trigger these symptoms. These new feelings of depression and anger naturally took effect as soon as the "therapeutic effect" of Lexapro was supposed to kick in, around six weeks in.  Not sure where to go guys. I don't see any solutions again. Maybe I'll look at the tricyclic antidepressants. Fuck it.
8zgbrq,360,367,ADR,suicide,vyvanse,vyvanse,[Long] Overhaul your train of thought. I was diagnosed by a psychiatrist as depressed when I was 10 (and ADHD when I was 6) and took Zoloft for years for the depression, and almost every attention-deficit-disorder medication available. Adderal, Vyvanse, Focalin, you name it.  Then in high school I had my first heartbreak and was getting heavy thoughts about suicide so I told my dad and broke down in front of him. He said it’s the vyvanse, there’s a black label on the bottle regarding suicidal thoughts. So I stopped taking that and my depression medication and haven’t looked back.  I’m 22 now, but in recent years I’ve explored anxiety relief - I would get these horrible butterflies in my stomach and tightness in my chest. Extreme anxiety about everything. Such a terrible feeling. So I tried Lexipro for a couple months and realized my sexual functions were barely working. No thanks, I’d rather my penis be functional than take that shit. I told myself it must be possible to fix my mental state without pharmaceuticals. In my opinion, it is entirely possible.  I’ve recently been delivered from my depression. Found something that works. I read about 15 self help books. I can list some good ones if anyone is interested. I signed up for a gym membership and have gone 5 days a week for 6 months and am looking good in the mirror. I distanced myself from what was the main source of my depression. I got the fuck out of my shitty, soul-sucking call center job dating a negative, toxic, manipulative girl who worked there. I got a new job that I love. Better pay, more fun. I’m driving around chillin and killin bugs at beach condos now.  Then I come home, change, go to the gym with a recently inspired buddy, smoke some weed and play Xbox. Then sleep and restart.   I’m also no longer dependent on a relationship. A woman in my life seemed like it was all I wanted, that it would solve all of my depression and anxiety. It did when things with the girl were good, but when things were not good, I got so needy and desperate and they would break up with me. It was because I had NOTHING going on in my life.  Get a new job if you don’t like your job. There are options, you have to look. Get a gym membership - I don’t give a fuck who you are just get one. I talked to a 95 year old man at the gym earlier, he was doing diamond pushups. CUT ANY NEGATIVITY OUT OF YOUR LIFE! Stop putting up with it. You may not think it is affecting your mental state but it definitely is. You May have to work hard to cut the negative source out of your life but you have to do it. Friend, girlfriend, boyfriend, grandma, doesn’t matter. Get that shit out of here.  Commit. Snap your finger. Flip the switch. Turn your light bulb back on and get rolling.
8zcd4b,999,1009,ADR,sleepiness,vyvanse,vyvanse,I dont know what to do, nothing works... I've been prescribed Vyvanse, Concerta/Ritalin and now Strattera. None of them worked. I am the inattentive type (ADD) but when I was younger I was an extreme example of ADHD. Now, finally, I found out that I wasn't messing my future on purpose and recovered the hope. Over almost one year I've been trying those three meds and none of them gave me any results, concert the first day of 18mg and the first day with 32mg. Only 2 days of almost 3 months of use that I noticed any effect at all. The thing is that I know that I've taken something but I cant feel any difference. With all those meds I didn't notice ANY comedown/crush side effect at all, nor good.  This is frustrating because I have a high drive but it's obvious how this condition limits me, I can do my tricks here and there but I even fail in things that are so easy to me but not interesting/stimulating. I don't know what to do, I'm on Strattera now and I don't feel any effect other than sleepiness but that's all. I don't know what nothing works for me, I don't even have side effects (low and high doses), I mean, WTF !? And I'm not just "a little bit ADD", I'm a fucking disaster, on exams I feel more stimulated staring at the fucking ceiling rather than studying, fuck... I don't know what to do because is goes against my will and I feel like a swift with chopped wings...
8zbo5x,186,191,ADR,crash,vyvanse,vyvanse,Interested in hearing about any experiences with Adzenys. I have been on vyvanse on two separate occasions and it always plays out the same way. I take it for a few months, and then the crash that I get during the second half of the day forces me to go off it. It's possible my drug metabolism is too fast because it certainly does not last the entire day, but I feel that I really need to be medicated for my adhd symptoms as I am tired of feeling out of control.  Does anyone have any experience with Adzenys? My guess is that it's no different than any other stimulant but it doesn't hurt to ask.
8zauyg,12,16,ADR,rash,vyvanse,vyvanse,Vyvanse and rash side effect question I started Vyvanse 30 mg and the next day a very itchy, burning rash started to pop up. It took me about 3-4 days to narrow it down to a possible reaction to the Vyvanse before I stoped taking the Vyvanse. I’ve now had a steroid shot and the rash isn’t getting worse but it’s still pretty itchy after four days without medicating. If you had this side effect, how long did it take for the rash to go away?
8zas8v,17,21,ADR,rash,vyvanse,vyvanse,Has anyone had a rash after starting Vyvanse? I started Vyvanse 30 mg and the next day a very itchy, burning rash started to pop up. It took me about 3-4 days to narrow it down to a possible reaction to the Vyvanse before I stoped taking the Vyvanse. I’ve now had a steroid shot and the rash isn’t getting worse but it’s still pretty itchy after four days without medicating. If you had this side effect, how long did it take for the rash to go away?
8z3i2z,1051,1059,ADR,daydream,vyvanse,vyvanse,[33/M] Inattention issues getting noticeably worse. At this rate I'm probably going to have to give up driving in another year or two. Today for the second time in a month I've gotten on the highway with stuff on the roof of my car and it didn't occur to me that the stuff wasn't inside the car until several minutes later. It hasn't been important stuff (a CD the first time and a loaf of bread the second time) but one day it *might* be important stuff, and in any case it's unsafe and wasteful. Also earlier this week I drove eight blocks with the trunk open.  I don't really have anyone to talk to about this because I'm sick to death of having to convince people I'm not doing it on purpose. I don't have a psychiatrist at the moment because I'm in a semi-remote rural area, the nearest one is two hours away, and I simply do not have the spoons for four hours a week of extra driving.  There have been no changes to my stress level, sleeping pattern or anxiety level lately. I'm on 40mg/day of Vyvanse, but I've noticed that it tends to make me daydream a lot, so I'm not sure if I need to increase the dose or if it's actually making the problem worse.
8z2se9,256,267,ADR,withdrawals,vyvanse,vyvanse,Tweaking on 440 mg Vyvanse. Took the whole thing in less than 12 hours. I had spotted taking Vyvanse for quite a while, but I’d still get the script for some purpose. I’ve abused oxycodone and hydromorphone after stopping vyvanse which led me to the awful withdrawals they give you. I’m tweaking hard as a motherfucker but at least I’m not dealing with the opioids’ comedown since it is pretty much nonexistent right now. Vyvanse is pretty easy to quit unlike pain killers that make you sick and the only remedy is more pain pills.   I wanted to hear you guys’ opinions since I haven’t gone completely nuts yet from that high dose I had.
8z1oov,328,339,ADR,dehydrating,vyvanse,vyvanse,Drink water! I have been having a horrible go of it lately, and I'm now fairly sure it's at least partially because I haven't been drinking enough water. Even though I already knew the importance of staying hydrated, somehow I've been letting it fall by the wayside. My doctor recently added guanfacine to my vyvanse (both have dehydrating side effects), and this summer has been hot Hot HOT, making it all the more important for me.  This morning I got up and drank three glasses of water, and I feel immensely better already.  Just a reminder to everyone to make it a routine and set your reminders. Drink water! You probably need it.
8yxzgg,685,694,ADR,euphoria.,vyvanse,vyvanse,Just started Vyvanse 30mg. Question about euphora and addiction. Hey there  I was recently put on vyvanse by my psychiatrist at a long term addictions aftercare facility.   I abused alcohol and cocaine throughout my early 20s. I also used to buy adderall illegally and take large quantities. My psych knows about all of this. I am also in 12 step recovery at the moment and dont want to jeopardize my recovery.   We decided to try vyvanse as I had previously used it (without a prescription) when I was in university. I recall feeling "normal" and just able to function. It also lessened my desire to drink and use.   Yesterday I took my first dose and it scared me a bit to feel mild euphoria. I didnt continue today as Im worried about once again chasing the dragon. While it did feel somewhat euphoric, it wasnt a good feeling.   I was wondering if anyone had any experience with this. Being in recovery and taking vyvanse under a doctor's supervision.     Im also wondering if the mild euphoria disappears after continued use. In my experience there is a difference between the feel good effects of vyvanse and the focus effects. Im just trying to manage this debilitating disorder.   Thanks!
8ywra8,18,24,ADR,sleepy,vyvanse,vyvanse,Vyvanse making me sleepy/withdrawn? Is food really the answer? So I was on Concerta for 2+ years when it started to drastically decrease in effectiveness and longevity, and the side effects were no longer worth it. We tried changing the dosage (both up and down), the timing, and added some Ritalin to boost but my body just stubbornly decided it was done with Concerta.   Now, I’ve been put on Vyvanse. It’s made me more tired, prone to naps, and quiet/withdrawn. Granted, I’ve only been on it about a week. My psychiatrist started me on 10mg a day, with instructions to increase within a week or two, but 10mg is ridiculously low and I felt nothing on it. So, yesterday I tried 20mg and today I bumped myself to 30mg, which is the actual standard starting dose.  I fell into a nap within four hours of taking it and have been quiet to the point of others noticing it.   I’ve read that supposedly Vyvanse, being an amphetamine, is especially strong on the body’s energy usage and eating food conscientiously will replace the lost energy and counter the sleepiness.  I’ve also read it could be a dosage thing, and upping it might solve the issue.  Has anyone else had a sleepiness/withdrawn problem with Vyvanse? How did it resolve? Did it go away on its own? Did food play into it? Or was it a dosage problem?  I’d really rather not go back to Concerta, but I will if necessary.   Thanks everyone!
8ywra8,25,34,ADR,withdrawn,vyvanse,vyvanse,Vyvanse making me sleepy/withdrawn? Is food really the answer? So I was on Concerta for 2+ years when it started to drastically decrease in effectiveness and longevity, and the side effects were no longer worth it. We tried changing the dosage (both up and down), the timing, and added some Ritalin to boost but my body just stubbornly decided it was done with Concerta.   Now, I’ve been put on Vyvanse. It’s made me more tired, prone to naps, and quiet/withdrawn. Granted, I’ve only been on it about a week. My psychiatrist started me on 10mg a day, with instructions to increase within a week or two, but 10mg is ridiculously low and I felt nothing on it. So, yesterday I tried 20mg and today I bumped myself to 30mg, which is the actual standard starting dose.  I fell into a nap within four hours of taking it and have been quiet to the point of others noticing it.   I’ve read that supposedly Vyvanse, being an amphetamine, is especially strong on the body’s energy usage and eating food conscientiously will replace the lost energy and counter the sleepiness.  I’ve also read it could be a dosage thing, and upping it might solve the issue.  Has anyone else had a sleepiness/withdrawn problem with Vyvanse? How did it resolve? Did it go away on its own? Did food play into it? Or was it a dosage problem?  I’d really rather not go back to Concerta, but I will if necessary.   Thanks everyone!
8ywmnu,61,76,ADR,premature aging,vyvanse,vyvanse,Does years of amphetamine usage at therapeutic dosages cause premature aging? (Vyvanse for my ADHD) The question is, does years of amphetamine use (in my case, vyvanse) at therapeutic dosages cause premature/accelerate aging of the skin and/or heart?   The studies I’ve read have said that they do, but it seems most of the research is in people who abuse amphetamines.   Or do amphetamines appear to cause premature aging due to people neglecting their health because of the amphetamines? So in other words, are we seeing that amphetamines have an indirect affect on aging due to the users not taking care of themselves?
8yw5ox,0,30,ADR,Obsessive compulsive behaviour,vyvanse,vyvanse,Obsessive compulsive behaviour caused by meds? Hey everyone. I'm about 6 weeks into Vyvanse and I'm noticing some weird shit. My anxiety has been pretty high since starting the meds, but lately it's also been followed by things like the need to walk a certain way, or move my thoughts around until they feel right, or refresh my inbox for hours. Has anyone else experienced something like that?
8yw5ox,129,136,ADR,anxiety,vyvanse,vyvanse,Obsessive compulsive behaviour caused by meds? Hey everyone. I'm about 6 weeks into Vyvanse and I'm noticing some weird shit. My anxiety has been pretty high since starting the meds, but lately it's also been followed by things like the need to walk a certain way, or move my thoughts around until they feel right, or refresh my inbox for hours. Has anyone else experienced something like that?
8yvzwo,12,41,ADR,Delayed(Retarded) Ejaculation,vyvanse,vyvanse,Vyvanse and Delayed(Retarded) Ejaculation So I’ve been on Vyvanse 30mg for over a year now and I just started to see someone one for the first time in a long time. She’s happy with me, I’m happy with her and the sex is great with her. But I’m experiencing an issue. Idk if it’s my masturbation technique or if it’s the meds. Is there anyone else with this issue?
8yu39x,513,524,ADR,dehydration,vyvanse,vyvanse,This is the Story of How I Lost Trust in my Doctors: a PSA about drinking enough water while taking amphetamines I was chatting with a friend the other day about experiences with inept doctors. My friend has been taking amphetamines for his ADHD for many years. He said that none of his doctors ever informed him that you need to drink lots of extra water when you take amphetamines, so he only drank a normal amount. This resulted in serious gastric motility issues and eventually landed him in the hospital for dehydration because his kidneys were ready to crap out. (He is much better now).  I had never heard this about amphetamines, and it was like somebody flipped a switch in my brain.   I don't take amphetamines for my ADHD anymore because they make me lose a scary amount of weight, but I soldiered through several years of taking vyvanse regularly in my teens. During that time, I was so constipated that I could barely eat. I had to lie down in pain after each small meal. My abdominal x rays came back showing that I was literally full of shit. I saw multiple gastroenterologists, one of whom followed my case for 5 years and was definitely familiar with all my medications and comorbidities. Each doctor just shrugged their shoulders at me and told me to keep taking daily laxatives to keep things moving. I choked down miralax nearly every day for years, and my GI system was a huge fucking mess. I shat my pants more than once, but if I didn't take the laxatives I'd be doubled over in pain. If I let it go too long and the backup accumulated, I'd have to do a full clean-out which meant sticking close to the toilet all day. It is now blindingly, blitheringly obvious to me that I was fucking dehydrated because nobody ever bothered to tell me that amphetamines do that. My psychiatrist who first prescribed it, the GP who wrote my refills, pharmacists I consulted with about my prescriptions, the multiple gastroenterologists who examined my case, all of them failed to mention this fact or connect the dots. Years of pain and discomfort and anxiety could have been prevented, if I had only known that all I needed to do was drink about 3 times more water.  TLDR; So folks, this is just a reminder to always do your own research and take an active role in your care, and if you're taking amphetamines, please drink lots and lots of water. Doctors are a valuable resource, but they're only human and they can make big mistakes.
8yu39x,899,910,ADR,constipated,vyvanse,vyvanse,This is the Story of How I Lost Trust in my Doctors: a PSA about drinking enough water while taking amphetamines I was chatting with a friend the other day about experiences with inept doctors. My friend has been taking amphetamines for his ADHD for many years. He said that none of his doctors ever informed him that you need to drink lots of extra water when you take amphetamines, so he only drank a normal amount. This resulted in serious gastric motility issues and eventually landed him in the hospital for dehydration because his kidneys were ready to crap out. (He is much better now).  I had never heard this about amphetamines, and it was like somebody flipped a switch in my brain.   I don't take amphetamines for my ADHD anymore because they make me lose a scary amount of weight, but I soldiered through several years of taking vyvanse regularly in my teens. During that time, I was so constipated that I could barely eat. I had to lie down in pain after each small meal. My abdominal x rays came back showing that I was literally full of shit. I saw multiple gastroenterologists, one of whom followed my case for 5 years and was definitely familiar with all my medications and comorbidities. Each doctor just shrugged their shoulders at me and told me to keep taking daily laxatives to keep things moving. I choked down miralax nearly every day for years, and my GI system was a huge fucking mess. I shat my pants more than once, but if I didn't take the laxatives I'd be doubled over in pain. If I let it go too long and the backup accumulated, I'd have to do a full clean-out which meant sticking close to the toilet all day. It is now blindingly, blitheringly obvious to me that I was fucking dehydrated because nobody ever bothered to tell me that amphetamines do that. My psychiatrist who first prescribed it, the GP who wrote my refills, pharmacists I consulted with about my prescriptions, the multiple gastroenterologists who examined my case, all of them failed to mention this fact or connect the dots. Years of pain and discomfort and anxiety could have been prevented, if I had only known that all I needed to do was drink about 3 times more water.  TLDR; So folks, this is just a reminder to always do your own research and take an active role in your care, and if you're taking amphetamines, please drink lots and lots of water. Doctors are a valuable resource, but they're only human and they can make big mistakes.
8yu39x,2060,2067,ADR,anxiety,vyvanse,vyvanse,This is the Story of How I Lost Trust in my Doctors: a PSA about drinking enough water while taking amphetamines I was chatting with a friend the other day about experiences with inept doctors. My friend has been taking amphetamines for his ADHD for many years. He said that none of his doctors ever informed him that you need to drink lots of extra water when you take amphetamines, so he only drank a normal amount. This resulted in serious gastric motility issues and eventually landed him in the hospital for dehydration because his kidneys were ready to crap out. (He is much better now).  I had never heard this about amphetamines, and it was like somebody flipped a switch in my brain.   I don't take amphetamines for my ADHD anymore because they make me lose a scary amount of weight, but I soldiered through several years of taking vyvanse regularly in my teens. During that time, I was so constipated that I could barely eat. I had to lie down in pain after each small meal. My abdominal x rays came back showing that I was literally full of shit. I saw multiple gastroenterologists, one of whom followed my case for 5 years and was definitely familiar with all my medications and comorbidities. Each doctor just shrugged their shoulders at me and told me to keep taking daily laxatives to keep things moving. I choked down miralax nearly every day for years, and my GI system was a huge fucking mess. I shat my pants more than once, but if I didn't take the laxatives I'd be doubled over in pain. If I let it go too long and the backup accumulated, I'd have to do a full clean-out which meant sticking close to the toilet all day. It is now blindingly, blitheringly obvious to me that I was fucking dehydrated because nobody ever bothered to tell me that amphetamines do that. My psychiatrist who first prescribed it, the GP who wrote my refills, pharmacists I consulted with about my prescriptions, the multiple gastroenterologists who examined my case, all of them failed to mention this fact or connect the dots. Years of pain and discomfort and anxiety could have been prevented, if I had only known that all I needed to do was drink about 3 times more water.  TLDR; So folks, this is just a reminder to always do your own research and take an active role in your care, and if you're taking amphetamines, please drink lots and lots of water. Doctors are a valuable resource, but they're only human and they can make big mistakes.
8ytxu4,10,19,ADR,diarrhoea,vyvanse,vyvanse,Vyvanse + diarrhoea (should I be worried?) This is probably the most embarrassing post I've ever made and I'm sorry if it grosses anyone out, but:  I've been on vyvanse for two days and I have shit the bed both night. My doctor told me that I might have an upset stomach while I get used to the vyvanse but I'm wondering if this level of upset stomach is normal, or if I should see a doctor because there is something wrong? I'm kinda freaking out.
8ytxu4,257,270,ADR,upset stomach,vyvanse,vyvanse,Vyvanse + diarrhoea (should I be worried?) This is probably the most embarrassing post I've ever made and I'm sorry if it grosses anyone out, but:  I've been on vyvanse for two days and I have shit the bed both night. My doctor told me that I might have an upset stomach while I get used to the vyvanse but I'm wondering if this level of upset stomach is normal, or if I should see a doctor because there is something wrong? I'm kinda freaking out.
8ytmpv,61,78,ADR,hyper-stimulation,vyvanse,vyvanse,How do you know that you're hyper-stimulated? The feeling of hyper-stimulation is different for many people, as are our experiences with stimulant medications, but one phenomenon persists in this community, and it involves an uncertainty about what hypstimulation actually is, and what causes people to feel this way. For myself, I feel hyper-stimulated on long-acting stimulants like vyvanse at moderate or unnecessarily high doses, while at the same time completely "fine" at 100mg. Of course, this dose change and I find it to be cyclical: first a medication works well at a lower or moderate dose but eventually turns me into a zombie--unless I take frequent drug holidays.  I'm convinced it's some combination of factors including the development of a tolerance over such long periods of time and an inconstant diet.  Caffeine really does nothing to negatively affect me while I'm on vyvanse, adderall, dexedrine beyond reducing the efficacy and duration of the effects of the drug. What are your experiences?
8ytmpv,757,766,ADR,tolerance,vyvanse,vyvanse,How do you know that you're hyper-stimulated? The feeling of hyper-stimulation is different for many people, as are our experiences with stimulant medications, but one phenomenon persists in this community, and it involves an uncertainty about what hypstimulation actually is, and what causes people to feel this way. For myself, I feel hyper-stimulated on long-acting stimulants like vyvanse at moderate or unnecessarily high doses, while at the same time completely "fine" at 100mg. Of course, this dose change and I find it to be cyclical: first a medication works well at a lower or moderate dose but eventually turns me into a zombie--unless I take frequent drug holidays.  I'm convinced it's some combination of factors including the development of a tolerance over such long periods of time and an inconstant diet.  Caffeine really does nothing to negatively affect me while I'm on vyvanse, adderall, dexedrine beyond reducing the efficacy and duration of the effects of the drug. What are your experiences?
8yt43q,735,745,ADR,withdrawal,vyvanse,vyvanse,Can / does Vyvanse help anxiety too? Can vyvanse help with anxiety?  Anyone have experience / or insight into that?   [Back story/ reason I'm asking: I started taking it again about  6 months ago (after a year long break), changed jobs insurance changes etc.   with my current insurance it's expensive - basically a visit to the md and the prescription is about $410 a month.    So I stopped taking it again about 2 weeks ago, trying to decide if i want to continue.  I Had off for a few days over 4th of July, figures that was a good time to try this.  and then didn't start taking it again this week.   So I've been off it about 2 weeks now.   My anxiety / ability to handle stress has been basically non-existent, wondering if it's withdrawal and / or just that vyvanse helps deal with anxiety. ]
8yrj31,55,66,ADR,dehydration,vyvanse,vyvanse,23F, almost 20 clinic/ER visits for moderate to severe dehydration in the last year and a half, numerous symptoms, nausea, fatigue, diagnosis unknown i apologize for the length of my question. it is a lot to explain...    i am a 23 year old caucasian female who has been very sick for the last year and a half. i am not overweight, i do not smoke, and i drink maybe 2x a year. i suffer from depression since i was 8 years old and have taken anti-depressants since i was 20. i also have ADHD and have taken vyvanse since i was 16, but stopped taking it in 2016 due to a depressive episode where i stopped caring to take any of my medications, and did not start taking it again until june of last year after some of the symptoms i'll be detailing below started happening.  current prescriptions: ortho tri cyclen birth control, vyvanse 20mg, wellbutrin 150mg, and omazeprole 40mg   between january and june of last year, i visited the clinic 8-10 times and the emergency room 4 times for dehydration. one morning, i started getting nauseous, and for days after, it just kept getting worse until i finally threw up and then continued to vomit up to 20 times in one day. i couldn’t keep anything down and would get very dehydrated over a few hours. sometimes i would only throw up 2-4 times and still feel horrible. dry mouth, headache, slightly confused/sluggish, and incredibly nauseous. i also bruised easily and would wake up with random bruises on my inner forearms every few weeks. the episodes would usually start around 4am and last until about 4pm. i was always pregnancy tested on my urine tests and always negative. occasionally there was blood in my urine.   i was getting dehydrated every other week or so for a few days and sometimes i’d have to go twice in one episode. three liters of fluid  some visits i would receive two liters and have to return the next day to get two more. the most i ever received in one two-day episode was five liters of fluid. sometimes my mouth was so dry i could barely talk.   i tried zantac, didn’t do anything. zofran never helped. i went to a new clinic one day when i had an episode while visiting my parents, and the PA there prescribed me the omazeprole. in just a few days, my nausea was completely gone. i didn’t have another episode until november, and then no more for the rest of the year. this year i’ve had about 4 episodes, one in february, two in march, one in may.  the last time i had an episode in may, my potassium was so low that i was hospitalized for a night and a day, where before they’d always just stuck me in the ER. i had to get a potassium drip for 6 hours.  twice before, my potassium had been low enough to give me two large potassium pills. (also man do those things suck to swallow)   no one understands what’s wrong with me, and no one seems to really care. i’ve seen my physician, a gastroenterologist, a kidney specialist, and multiple ER doctors. i’ve had CT scans and an MRI of my abdomen, most recently in march of this year. everything fine. always normal. my last episode was about two months ago but it was stress-related i believe. none of my other episodes have been related to stress. at the beginning of my symptoms i was actually in a pretty comfortable place in my life.   the last three weeks, i’ve been feeling pretty shitty again. not a lot of energy and just super tired all the time. normally i can walk 5-10 miles a day and lately even two is just killing me. i get nauseous maybe twice a week and its usually in the middle of the day, sometimes when i haven’t eaten, sometimes when i just ate. i pee anywhere from 6-12 times during an 8 hour shift at work. sometimes i’ll go within twenty minutes from the last time i went.   i only drink water because of my dehydration issues but i never over-drink because my mother almost died last year of overyhydration and hyponatremia and was hospitalized for three weeks while they raised her sodium levels. she had the lowest recorded sodium level in medical history at 95/mmol/L. this was the only time this has ever happened to her and has not happened again, so i don’t think its necessarily hereditary. (long story but she may have been poisoned in some way which is also why i feel this way)   i visited a clinic about two days ago after work and explained what i was going through lately. the doctor immediately tested my blood sugar after i mentioned the peeing. i'm hungry all the time and eating just makes me hungrier. i also have had a bad rash on the left side of my neck for about three weeks, and terrible itchiness in my left armpit. my blood sugar test was “fine” (he never said the reading) and he said i did not have diabetes. instead he asked me if i had a family history of breast cancer… and when i said no, he prescribed me a cream for the itchiness and told me to come back in a week if it didn’t help. he also thought i might have a UTI and prescribed me an antibiotic, but as someone who’s had a few UTIs, i know this is not one. when i have a UTI, i can’t use the bathroom at all. this is just… a lot of peeing.    if anyone can help me, and point me towards something…  i would be so grateful. i feel like something is the root of all these issues but i have no one to help me. my research has basically led me nowhere. the last year and a half of my life has been filled with so many long, unpleasant hospital visits and i would be so happy to find the treatment i need to make this time end.   thanks for even reading :)      **TLDR**: 23f, not overweight, nausea and severe vomiting episodes 20+ times in the last year and a half, severe enough dehydration to need 3-5L of IV fluids. Less issues and no nausea on 40mg of omazeprole for the last year but 4-5 episodes and recent issues with frequent urination, insatiable hunger, and fatigue. i am not pregnant.
8yrj31,115,122,ADR,nausea,,vyvanse,vyvanse,23F, almost 20 clinic/ER visits for moderate to severe dehydration in the last year and a half, numerous symptoms, nausea, fatigue, diagnosis unknown i apologize for the length of my question. it is a lot to explain...    i am a 23 year old caucasian female who has been very sick for the last year and a half. i am not overweight, i do not smoke, and i drink maybe 2x a year. i suffer from depression since i was 8 years old and have taken anti-depressants since i was 20. i also have ADHD and have taken vyvanse since i was 16, but stopped taking it in 2016 due to a depressive episode where i stopped caring to take any of my medications, and did not start taking it again until june of last year after some of the symptoms i'll be detailing below started happening.  current prescriptions: ortho tri cyclen birth control, vyvanse 20mg, wellbutrin 150mg, and omazeprole 40mg   between january and june of last year, i visited the clinic 8-10 times and the emergency room 4 times for dehydration. one morning, i started getting nauseous, and for days after, it just kept getting worse until i finally threw up and then continued to vomit up to 20 times in one day. i couldn’t keep anything down and would get very dehydrated over a few hours. sometimes i would only throw up 2-4 times and still feel horrible. dry mouth, headache, slightly confused/sluggish, and incredibly nauseous. i also bruised easily and would wake up with random bruises on my inner forearms every few weeks. the episodes would usually start around 4am and last until about 4pm. i was always pregnancy tested on my urine tests and always negative. occasionally there was blood in my urine.   i was getting dehydrated every other week or so for a few days and sometimes i’d have to go twice in one episode. three liters of fluid  some visits i would receive two liters and have to return the next day to get two more. the most i ever received in one two-day episode was five liters of fluid. sometimes my mouth was so dry i could barely talk.   i tried zantac, didn’t do anything. zofran never helped. i went to a new clinic one day when i had an episode while visiting my parents, and the PA there prescribed me the omazeprole. in just a few days, my nausea was completely gone. i didn’t have another episode until november, and then no more for the rest of the year. this year i’ve had about 4 episodes, one in february, two in march, one in may.  the last time i had an episode in may, my potassium was so low that i was hospitalized for a night and a day, where before they’d always just stuck me in the ER. i had to get a potassium drip for 6 hours.  twice before, my potassium had been low enough to give me two large potassium pills. (also man do those things suck to swallow)   no one understands what’s wrong with me, and no one seems to really care. i’ve seen my physician, a gastroenterologist, a kidney specialist, and multiple ER doctors. i’ve had CT scans and an MRI of my abdomen, most recently in march of this year. everything fine. always normal. my last episode was about two months ago but it was stress-related i believe. none of my other episodes have been related to stress. at the beginning of my symptoms i was actually in a pretty comfortable place in my life.   the last three weeks, i’ve been feeling pretty shitty again. not a lot of energy and just super tired all the time. normally i can walk 5-10 miles a day and lately even two is just killing me. i get nauseous maybe twice a week and its usually in the middle of the day, sometimes when i haven’t eaten, sometimes when i just ate. i pee anywhere from 6-12 times during an 8 hour shift at work. sometimes i’ll go within twenty minutes from the last time i went.   i only drink water because of my dehydration issues but i never over-drink because my mother almost died last year of overyhydration and hyponatremia and was hospitalized for three weeks while they raised her sodium levels. she had the lowest recorded sodium level in medical history at 95/mmol/L. this was the only time this has ever happened to her and has not happened again, so i don’t think its necessarily hereditary. (long story but she may have been poisoned in some way which is also why i feel this way)   i visited a clinic about two days ago after work and explained what i was going through lately. the doctor immediately tested my blood sugar after i mentioned the peeing. i'm hungry all the time and eating just makes me hungrier. i also have had a bad rash on the left side of my neck for about three weeks, and terrible itchiness in my left armpit. my blood sugar test was “fine” (he never said the reading) and he said i did not have diabetes. instead he asked me if i had a family history of breast cancer… and when i said no, he prescribed me a cream for the itchiness and told me to come back in a week if it didn’t help. he also thought i might have a UTI and prescribed me an antibiotic, but as someone who’s had a few UTIs, i know this is not one. when i have a UTI, i can’t use the bathroom at all. this is just… a lot of peeing.    if anyone can help me, and point me towards something…  i would be so grateful. i feel like something is the root of all these issues but i have no one to help me. my research has basically led me nowhere. the last year and a half of my life has been filled with so many long, unpleasant hospital visits and i would be so happy to find the treatment i need to make this time end.   thanks for even reading :)      **TLDR**: 23f, not overweight, nausea and severe vomiting episodes 20+ times in the last year and a half, severe enough dehydration to need 3-5L of IV fluids. Less issues and no nausea on 40mg of omazeprole for the last year but 4-5 episodes and recent issues with frequent urination, insatiable hunger, and fatigue. i am not pregnant.
8yrj31,123,130,ADR,fatigue,vyvanse,vyvanse,23F, almost 20 clinic/ER visits for moderate to severe dehydration in the last year and a half, numerous symptoms, nausea, fatigue, diagnosis unknown i apologize for the length of my question. it is a lot to explain...    i am a 23 year old caucasian female who has been very sick for the last year and a half. i am not overweight, i do not smoke, and i drink maybe 2x a year. i suffer from depression since i was 8 years old and have taken anti-depressants since i was 20. i also have ADHD and have taken vyvanse since i was 16, but stopped taking it in 2016 due to a depressive episode where i stopped caring to take any of my medications, and did not start taking it again until june of last year after some of the symptoms i'll be detailing below started happening.  current prescriptions: ortho tri cyclen birth control, vyvanse 20mg, wellbutrin 150mg, and omazeprole 40mg   between january and june of last year, i visited the clinic 8-10 times and the emergency room 4 times for dehydration. one morning, i started getting nauseous, and for days after, it just kept getting worse until i finally threw up and then continued to vomit up to 20 times in one day. i couldn’t keep anything down and would get very dehydrated over a few hours. sometimes i would only throw up 2-4 times and still feel horrible. dry mouth, headache, slightly confused/sluggish, and incredibly nauseous. i also bruised easily and would wake up with random bruises on my inner forearms every few weeks. the episodes would usually start around 4am and last until about 4pm. i was always pregnancy tested on my urine tests and always negative. occasionally there was blood in my urine.   i was getting dehydrated every other week or so for a few days and sometimes i’d have to go twice in one episode. three liters of fluid  some visits i would receive two liters and have to return the next day to get two more. the most i ever received in one two-day episode was five liters of fluid. sometimes my mouth was so dry i could barely talk.   i tried zantac, didn’t do anything. zofran never helped. i went to a new clinic one day when i had an episode while visiting my parents, and the PA there prescribed me the omazeprole. in just a few days, my nausea was completely gone. i didn’t have another episode until november, and then no more for the rest of the year. this year i’ve had about 4 episodes, one in february, two in march, one in may.  the last time i had an episode in may, my potassium was so low that i was hospitalized for a night and a day, where before they’d always just stuck me in the ER. i had to get a potassium drip for 6 hours.  twice before, my potassium had been low enough to give me two large potassium pills. (also man do those things suck to swallow)   no one understands what’s wrong with me, and no one seems to really care. i’ve seen my physician, a gastroenterologist, a kidney specialist, and multiple ER doctors. i’ve had CT scans and an MRI of my abdomen, most recently in march of this year. everything fine. always normal. my last episode was about two months ago but it was stress-related i believe. none of my other episodes have been related to stress. at the beginning of my symptoms i was actually in a pretty comfortable place in my life.   the last three weeks, i’ve been feeling pretty shitty again. not a lot of energy and just super tired all the time. normally i can walk 5-10 miles a day and lately even two is just killing me. i get nauseous maybe twice a week and its usually in the middle of the day, sometimes when i haven’t eaten, sometimes when i just ate. i pee anywhere from 6-12 times during an 8 hour shift at work. sometimes i’ll go within twenty minutes from the last time i went.   i only drink water because of my dehydration issues but i never over-drink because my mother almost died last year of overyhydration and hyponatremia and was hospitalized for three weeks while they raised her sodium levels. she had the lowest recorded sodium level in medical history at 95/mmol/L. this was the only time this has ever happened to her and has not happened again, so i don’t think its necessarily hereditary. (long story but she may have been poisoned in some way which is also why i feel this way)   i visited a clinic about two days ago after work and explained what i was going through lately. the doctor immediately tested my blood sugar after i mentioned the peeing. i'm hungry all the time and eating just makes me hungrier. i also have had a bad rash on the left side of my neck for about three weeks, and terrible itchiness in my left armpit. my blood sugar test was “fine” (he never said the reading) and he said i did not have diabetes. instead he asked me if i had a family history of breast cancer… and when i said no, he prescribed me a cream for the itchiness and told me to come back in a week if it didn’t help. he also thought i might have a UTI and prescribed me an antibiotic, but as someone who’s had a few UTIs, i know this is not one. when i have a UTI, i can’t use the bathroom at all. this is just… a lot of peeing.    if anyone can help me, and point me towards something…  i would be so grateful. i feel like something is the root of all these issues but i have no one to help me. my research has basically led me nowhere. the last year and a half of my life has been filled with so many long, unpleasant hospital visits and i would be so happy to find the treatment i need to make this time end.   thanks for even reading :)      **TLDR**: 23f, not overweight, nausea and severe vomiting episodes 20+ times in the last year and a half, severe enough dehydration to need 3-5L of IV fluids. Less issues and no nausea on 40mg of omazeprole for the last year but 4-5 episodes and recent issues with frequent urination, insatiable hunger, and fatigue. i am not pregnant.
8yrj31,1312,1322,ADR,dry mouth,,vyvanse,vyvanse,23F, almost 20 clinic/ER visits for moderate to severe dehydration in the last year and a half, numerous symptoms, nausea, fatigue, diagnosis unknown i apologize for the length of my question. it is a lot to explain...    i am a 23 year old caucasian female who has been very sick for the last year and a half. i am not overweight, i do not smoke, and i drink maybe 2x a year. i suffer from depression since i was 8 years old and have taken anti-depressants since i was 20. i also have ADHD and have taken vyvanse since i was 16, but stopped taking it in 2016 due to a depressive episode where i stopped caring to take any of my medications, and did not start taking it again until june of last year after some of the symptoms i'll be detailing below started happening.  current prescriptions: ortho tri cyclen birth control, vyvanse 20mg, wellbutrin 150mg, and omazeprole 40mg   between january and june of last year, i visited the clinic 8-10 times and the emergency room 4 times for dehydration. one morning, i started getting nauseous, and for days after, it just kept getting worse until i finally threw up and then continued to vomit up to 20 times in one day. i couldn’t keep anything down and would get very dehydrated over a few hours. sometimes i would only throw up 2-4 times and still feel horrible. dry mouth, headache, slightly confused/sluggish, and incredibly nauseous. i also bruised easily and would wake up with random bruises on my inner forearms every few weeks. the episodes would usually start around 4am and last until about 4pm. i was always pregnancy tested on my urine tests and always negative. occasionally there was blood in my urine.   i was getting dehydrated every other week or so for a few days and sometimes i’d have to go twice in one episode. three liters of fluid  some visits i would receive two liters and have to return the next day to get two more. the most i ever received in one two-day episode was five liters of fluid. sometimes my mouth was so dry i could barely talk.   i tried zantac, didn’t do anything. zofran never helped. i went to a new clinic one day when i had an episode while visiting my parents, and the PA there prescribed me the omazeprole. in just a few days, my nausea was completely gone. i didn’t have another episode until november, and then no more for the rest of the year. this year i’ve had about 4 episodes, one in february, two in march, one in may.  the last time i had an episode in may, my potassium was so low that i was hospitalized for a night and a day, where before they’d always just stuck me in the ER. i had to get a potassium drip for 6 hours.  twice before, my potassium had been low enough to give me two large potassium pills. (also man do those things suck to swallow)   no one understands what’s wrong with me, and no one seems to really care. i’ve seen my physician, a gastroenterologist, a kidney specialist, and multiple ER doctors. i’ve had CT scans and an MRI of my abdomen, most recently in march of this year. everything fine. always normal. my last episode was about two months ago but it was stress-related i believe. none of my other episodes have been related to stress. at the beginning of my symptoms i was actually in a pretty comfortable place in my life.   the last three weeks, i’ve been feeling pretty shitty again. not a lot of energy and just super tired all the time. normally i can walk 5-10 miles a day and lately even two is just killing me. i get nauseous maybe twice a week and its usually in the middle of the day, sometimes when i haven’t eaten, sometimes when i just ate. i pee anywhere from 6-12 times during an 8 hour shift at work. sometimes i’ll go within twenty minutes from the last time i went.   i only drink water because of my dehydration issues but i never over-drink because my mother almost died last year of overyhydration and hyponatremia and was hospitalized for three weeks while they raised her sodium levels. she had the lowest recorded sodium level in medical history at 95/mmol/L. this was the only time this has ever happened to her and has not happened again, so i don’t think its necessarily hereditary. (long story but she may have been poisoned in some way which is also why i feel this way)   i visited a clinic about two days ago after work and explained what i was going through lately. the doctor immediately tested my blood sugar after i mentioned the peeing. i'm hungry all the time and eating just makes me hungrier. i also have had a bad rash on the left side of my neck for about three weeks, and terrible itchiness in my left armpit. my blood sugar test was “fine” (he never said the reading) and he said i did not have diabetes. instead he asked me if i had a family history of breast cancer… and when i said no, he prescribed me a cream for the itchiness and told me to come back in a week if it didn’t help. he also thought i might have a UTI and prescribed me an antibiotic, but as someone who’s had a few UTIs, i know this is not one. when i have a UTI, i can’t use the bathroom at all. this is just… a lot of peeing.    if anyone can help me, and point me towards something…  i would be so grateful. i feel like something is the root of all these issues but i have no one to help me. my research has basically led me nowhere. the last year and a half of my life has been filled with so many long, unpleasant hospital visits and i would be so happy to find the treatment i need to make this time end.   thanks for even reading :)      **TLDR**: 23f, not overweight, nausea and severe vomiting episodes 20+ times in the last year and a half, severe enough dehydration to need 3-5L of IV fluids. Less issues and no nausea on 40mg of omazeprole for the last year but 4-5 episodes and recent issues with frequent urination, insatiable hunger, and fatigue. i am not pregnant.
8yrj31,1323,1331,ADR,headache,vyvanse,vyvanse,23F, almost 20 clinic/ER visits for moderate to severe dehydration in the last year and a half, numerous symptoms, nausea, fatigue, diagnosis unknown i apologize for the length of my question. it is a lot to explain...    i am a 23 year old caucasian female who has been very sick for the last year and a half. i am not overweight, i do not smoke, and i drink maybe 2x a year. i suffer from depression since i was 8 years old and have taken anti-depressants since i was 20. i also have ADHD and have taken vyvanse since i was 16, but stopped taking it in 2016 due to a depressive episode where i stopped caring to take any of my medications, and did not start taking it again until june of last year after some of the symptoms i'll be detailing below started happening.  current prescriptions: ortho tri cyclen birth control, vyvanse 20mg, wellbutrin 150mg, and omazeprole 40mg   between january and june of last year, i visited the clinic 8-10 times and the emergency room 4 times for dehydration. one morning, i started getting nauseous, and for days after, it just kept getting worse until i finally threw up and then continued to vomit up to 20 times in one day. i couldn’t keep anything down and would get very dehydrated over a few hours. sometimes i would only throw up 2-4 times and still feel horrible. dry mouth, headache, slightly confused/sluggish, and incredibly nauseous. i also bruised easily and would wake up with random bruises on my inner forearms every few weeks. the episodes would usually start around 4am and last until about 4pm. i was always pregnancy tested on my urine tests and always negative. occasionally there was blood in my urine.   i was getting dehydrated every other week or so for a few days and sometimes i’d have to go twice in one episode. three liters of fluid  some visits i would receive two liters and have to return the next day to get two more. the most i ever received in one two-day episode was five liters of fluid. sometimes my mouth was so dry i could barely talk.   i tried zantac, didn’t do anything. zofran never helped. i went to a new clinic one day when i had an episode while visiting my parents, and the PA there prescribed me the omazeprole. in just a few days, my nausea was completely gone. i didn’t have another episode until november, and then no more for the rest of the year. this year i’ve had about 4 episodes, one in february, two in march, one in may.  the last time i had an episode in may, my potassium was so low that i was hospitalized for a night and a day, where before they’d always just stuck me in the ER. i had to get a potassium drip for 6 hours.  twice before, my potassium had been low enough to give me two large potassium pills. (also man do those things suck to swallow)   no one understands what’s wrong with me, and no one seems to really care. i’ve seen my physician, a gastroenterologist, a kidney specialist, and multiple ER doctors. i’ve had CT scans and an MRI of my abdomen, most recently in march of this year. everything fine. always normal. my last episode was about two months ago but it was stress-related i believe. none of my other episodes have been related to stress. at the beginning of my symptoms i was actually in a pretty comfortable place in my life.   the last three weeks, i’ve been feeling pretty shitty again. not a lot of energy and just super tired all the time. normally i can walk 5-10 miles a day and lately even two is just killing me. i get nauseous maybe twice a week and its usually in the middle of the day, sometimes when i haven’t eaten, sometimes when i just ate. i pee anywhere from 6-12 times during an 8 hour shift at work. sometimes i’ll go within twenty minutes from the last time i went.   i only drink water because of my dehydration issues but i never over-drink because my mother almost died last year of overyhydration and hyponatremia and was hospitalized for three weeks while they raised her sodium levels. she had the lowest recorded sodium level in medical history at 95/mmol/L. this was the only time this has ever happened to her and has not happened again, so i don’t think its necessarily hereditary. (long story but she may have been poisoned in some way which is also why i feel this way)   i visited a clinic about two days ago after work and explained what i was going through lately. the doctor immediately tested my blood sugar after i mentioned the peeing. i'm hungry all the time and eating just makes me hungrier. i also have had a bad rash on the left side of my neck for about three weeks, and terrible itchiness in my left armpit. my blood sugar test was “fine” (he never said the reading) and he said i did not have diabetes. instead he asked me if i had a family history of breast cancer… and when i said no, he prescribed me a cream for the itchiness and told me to come back in a week if it didn’t help. he also thought i might have a UTI and prescribed me an antibiotic, but as someone who’s had a few UTIs, i know this is not one. when i have a UTI, i can’t use the bathroom at all. this is just… a lot of peeing.    if anyone can help me, and point me towards something…  i would be so grateful. i feel like something is the root of all these issues but i have no one to help me. my research has basically led me nowhere. the last year and a half of my life has been filled with so many long, unpleasant hospital visits and i would be so happy to find the treatment i need to make this time end.   thanks for even reading :)      **TLDR**: 23f, not overweight, nausea and severe vomiting episodes 20+ times in the last year and a half, severe enough dehydration to need 3-5L of IV fluids. Less issues and no nausea on 40mg of omazeprole for the last year but 4-5 episodes and recent issues with frequent urination, insatiable hunger, and fatigue. i am not pregnant.
8yrj31,1342,1350,ADR,confused,vyvanse,vyvanse,23F, almost 20 clinic/ER visits for moderate to severe dehydration in the last year and a half, numerous symptoms, nausea, fatigue, diagnosis unknown i apologize for the length of my question. it is a lot to explain...    i am a 23 year old caucasian female who has been very sick for the last year and a half. i am not overweight, i do not smoke, and i drink maybe 2x a year. i suffer from depression since i was 8 years old and have taken anti-depressants since i was 20. i also have ADHD and have taken vyvanse since i was 16, but stopped taking it in 2016 due to a depressive episode where i stopped caring to take any of my medications, and did not start taking it again until june of last year after some of the symptoms i'll be detailing below started happening.  current prescriptions: ortho tri cyclen birth control, vyvanse 20mg, wellbutrin 150mg, and omazeprole 40mg   between january and june of last year, i visited the clinic 8-10 times and the emergency room 4 times for dehydration. one morning, i started getting nauseous, and for days after, it just kept getting worse until i finally threw up and then continued to vomit up to 20 times in one day. i couldn’t keep anything down and would get very dehydrated over a few hours. sometimes i would only throw up 2-4 times and still feel horrible. dry mouth, headache, slightly confused/sluggish, and incredibly nauseous. i also bruised easily and would wake up with random bruises on my inner forearms every few weeks. the episodes would usually start around 4am and last until about 4pm. i was always pregnancy tested on my urine tests and always negative. occasionally there was blood in my urine.   i was getting dehydrated every other week or so for a few days and sometimes i’d have to go twice in one episode. three liters of fluid  some visits i would receive two liters and have to return the next day to get two more. the most i ever received in one two-day episode was five liters of fluid. sometimes my mouth was so dry i could barely talk.   i tried zantac, didn’t do anything. zofran never helped. i went to a new clinic one day when i had an episode while visiting my parents, and the PA there prescribed me the omazeprole. in just a few days, my nausea was completely gone. i didn’t have another episode until november, and then no more for the rest of the year. this year i’ve had about 4 episodes, one in february, two in march, one in may.  the last time i had an episode in may, my potassium was so low that i was hospitalized for a night and a day, where before they’d always just stuck me in the ER. i had to get a potassium drip for 6 hours.  twice before, my potassium had been low enough to give me two large potassium pills. (also man do those things suck to swallow)   no one understands what’s wrong with me, and no one seems to really care. i’ve seen my physician, a gastroenterologist, a kidney specialist, and multiple ER doctors. i’ve had CT scans and an MRI of my abdomen, most recently in march of this year. everything fine. always normal. my last episode was about two months ago but it was stress-related i believe. none of my other episodes have been related to stress. at the beginning of my symptoms i was actually in a pretty comfortable place in my life.   the last three weeks, i’ve been feeling pretty shitty again. not a lot of energy and just super tired all the time. normally i can walk 5-10 miles a day and lately even two is just killing me. i get nauseous maybe twice a week and its usually in the middle of the day, sometimes when i haven’t eaten, sometimes when i just ate. i pee anywhere from 6-12 times during an 8 hour shift at work. sometimes i’ll go within twenty minutes from the last time i went.   i only drink water because of my dehydration issues but i never over-drink because my mother almost died last year of overyhydration and hyponatremia and was hospitalized for three weeks while they raised her sodium levels. she had the lowest recorded sodium level in medical history at 95/mmol/L. this was the only time this has ever happened to her and has not happened again, so i don’t think its necessarily hereditary. (long story but she may have been poisoned in some way which is also why i feel this way)   i visited a clinic about two days ago after work and explained what i was going through lately. the doctor immediately tested my blood sugar after i mentioned the peeing. i'm hungry all the time and eating just makes me hungrier. i also have had a bad rash on the left side of my neck for about three weeks, and terrible itchiness in my left armpit. my blood sugar test was “fine” (he never said the reading) and he said i did not have diabetes. instead he asked me if i had a family history of breast cancer… and when i said no, he prescribed me a cream for the itchiness and told me to come back in a week if it didn’t help. he also thought i might have a UTI and prescribed me an antibiotic, but as someone who’s had a few UTIs, i know this is not one. when i have a UTI, i can’t use the bathroom at all. this is just… a lot of peeing.    if anyone can help me, and point me towards something…  i would be so grateful. i feel like something is the root of all these issues but i have no one to help me. my research has basically led me nowhere. the last year and a half of my life has been filled with so many long, unpleasant hospital visits and i would be so happy to find the treatment i need to make this time end.   thanks for even reading :)      **TLDR**: 23f, not overweight, nausea and severe vomiting episodes 20+ times in the last year and a half, severe enough dehydration to need 3-5L of IV fluids. Less issues and no nausea on 40mg of omazeprole for the last year but 4-5 episodes and recent issues with frequent urination, insatiable hunger, and fatigue. i am not pregnant.
8yrj31,1351,1359,ADR,sluggish,vyvanse,vyvanse,23F, almost 20 clinic/ER visits for moderate to severe dehydration in the last year and a half, numerous symptoms, nausea, fatigue, diagnosis unknown i apologize for the length of my question. it is a lot to explain...    i am a 23 year old caucasian female who has been very sick for the last year and a half. i am not overweight, i do not smoke, and i drink maybe 2x a year. i suffer from depression since i was 8 years old and have taken anti-depressants since i was 20. i also have ADHD and have taken vyvanse since i was 16, but stopped taking it in 2016 due to a depressive episode where i stopped caring to take any of my medications, and did not start taking it again until june of last year after some of the symptoms i'll be detailing below started happening.  current prescriptions: ortho tri cyclen birth control, vyvanse 20mg, wellbutrin 150mg, and omazeprole 40mg   between january and june of last year, i visited the clinic 8-10 times and the emergency room 4 times for dehydration. one morning, i started getting nauseous, and for days after, it just kept getting worse until i finally threw up and then continued to vomit up to 20 times in one day. i couldn’t keep anything down and would get very dehydrated over a few hours. sometimes i would only throw up 2-4 times and still feel horrible. dry mouth, headache, slightly confused/sluggish, and incredibly nauseous. i also bruised easily and would wake up with random bruises on my inner forearms every few weeks. the episodes would usually start around 4am and last until about 4pm. i was always pregnancy tested on my urine tests and always negative. occasionally there was blood in my urine.   i was getting dehydrated every other week or so for a few days and sometimes i’d have to go twice in one episode. three liters of fluid  some visits i would receive two liters and have to return the next day to get two more. the most i ever received in one two-day episode was five liters of fluid. sometimes my mouth was so dry i could barely talk.   i tried zantac, didn’t do anything. zofran never helped. i went to a new clinic one day when i had an episode while visiting my parents, and the PA there prescribed me the omazeprole. in just a few days, my nausea was completely gone. i didn’t have another episode until november, and then no more for the rest of the year. this year i’ve had about 4 episodes, one in february, two in march, one in may.  the last time i had an episode in may, my potassium was so low that i was hospitalized for a night and a day, where before they’d always just stuck me in the ER. i had to get a potassium drip for 6 hours.  twice before, my potassium had been low enough to give me two large potassium pills. (also man do those things suck to swallow)   no one understands what’s wrong with me, and no one seems to really care. i’ve seen my physician, a gastroenterologist, a kidney specialist, and multiple ER doctors. i’ve had CT scans and an MRI of my abdomen, most recently in march of this year. everything fine. always normal. my last episode was about two months ago but it was stress-related i believe. none of my other episodes have been related to stress. at the beginning of my symptoms i was actually in a pretty comfortable place in my life.   the last three weeks, i’ve been feeling pretty shitty again. not a lot of energy and just super tired all the time. normally i can walk 5-10 miles a day and lately even two is just killing me. i get nauseous maybe twice a week and its usually in the middle of the day, sometimes when i haven’t eaten, sometimes when i just ate. i pee anywhere from 6-12 times during an 8 hour shift at work. sometimes i’ll go within twenty minutes from the last time i went.   i only drink water because of my dehydration issues but i never over-drink because my mother almost died last year of overyhydration and hyponatremia and was hospitalized for three weeks while they raised her sodium levels. she had the lowest recorded sodium level in medical history at 95/mmol/L. this was the only time this has ever happened to her and has not happened again, so i don’t think its necessarily hereditary. (long story but she may have been poisoned in some way which is also why i feel this way)   i visited a clinic about two days ago after work and explained what i was going through lately. the doctor immediately tested my blood sugar after i mentioned the peeing. i'm hungry all the time and eating just makes me hungrier. i also have had a bad rash on the left side of my neck for about three weeks, and terrible itchiness in my left armpit. my blood sugar test was “fine” (he never said the reading) and he said i did not have diabetes. instead he asked me if i had a family history of breast cancer… and when i said no, he prescribed me a cream for the itchiness and told me to come back in a week if it didn’t help. he also thought i might have a UTI and prescribed me an antibiotic, but as someone who’s had a few UTIs, i know this is not one. when i have a UTI, i can’t use the bathroom at all. this is just… a lot of peeing.    if anyone can help me, and point me towards something…  i would be so grateful. i feel like something is the root of all these issues but i have no one to help me. my research has basically led me nowhere. the last year and a half of my life has been filled with so many long, unpleasant hospital visits and i would be so happy to find the treatment i need to make this time end.   thanks for even reading :)      **TLDR**: 23f, not overweight, nausea and severe vomiting episodes 20+ times in the last year and a half, severe enough dehydration to need 3-5L of IV fluids. Less issues and no nausea on 40mg of omazeprole for the last year but 4-5 episodes and recent issues with frequent urination, insatiable hunger, and fatigue. i am not pregnant.
8yrj31,1393,1400,ADR,bruised,vyvanse,vyvanse,23F, almost 20 clinic/ER visits for moderate to severe dehydration in the last year and a half, numerous symptoms, nausea, fatigue, diagnosis unknown i apologize for the length of my question. it is a lot to explain...    i am a 23 year old caucasian female who has been very sick for the last year and a half. i am not overweight, i do not smoke, and i drink maybe 2x a year. i suffer from depression since i was 8 years old and have taken anti-depressants since i was 20. i also have ADHD and have taken vyvanse since i was 16, but stopped taking it in 2016 due to a depressive episode where i stopped caring to take any of my medications, and did not start taking it again until june of last year after some of the symptoms i'll be detailing below started happening.  current prescriptions: ortho tri cyclen birth control, vyvanse 20mg, wellbutrin 150mg, and omazeprole 40mg   between january and june of last year, i visited the clinic 8-10 times and the emergency room 4 times for dehydration. one morning, i started getting nauseous, and for days after, it just kept getting worse until i finally threw up and then continued to vomit up to 20 times in one day. i couldn’t keep anything down and would get very dehydrated over a few hours. sometimes i would only throw up 2-4 times and still feel horrible. dry mouth, headache, slightly confused/sluggish, and incredibly nauseous. i also bruised easily and would wake up with random bruises on my inner forearms every few weeks. the episodes would usually start around 4am and last until about 4pm. i was always pregnancy tested on my urine tests and always negative. occasionally there was blood in my urine.   i was getting dehydrated every other week or so for a few days and sometimes i’d have to go twice in one episode. three liters of fluid  some visits i would receive two liters and have to return the next day to get two more. the most i ever received in one two-day episode was five liters of fluid. sometimes my mouth was so dry i could barely talk.   i tried zantac, didn’t do anything. zofran never helped. i went to a new clinic one day when i had an episode while visiting my parents, and the PA there prescribed me the omazeprole. in just a few days, my nausea was completely gone. i didn’t have another episode until november, and then no more for the rest of the year. this year i’ve had about 4 episodes, one in february, two in march, one in may.  the last time i had an episode in may, my potassium was so low that i was hospitalized for a night and a day, where before they’d always just stuck me in the ER. i had to get a potassium drip for 6 hours.  twice before, my potassium had been low enough to give me two large potassium pills. (also man do those things suck to swallow)   no one understands what’s wrong with me, and no one seems to really care. i’ve seen my physician, a gastroenterologist, a kidney specialist, and multiple ER doctors. i’ve had CT scans and an MRI of my abdomen, most recently in march of this year. everything fine. always normal. my last episode was about two months ago but it was stress-related i believe. none of my other episodes have been related to stress. at the beginning of my symptoms i was actually in a pretty comfortable place in my life.   the last three weeks, i’ve been feeling pretty shitty again. not a lot of energy and just super tired all the time. normally i can walk 5-10 miles a day and lately even two is just killing me. i get nauseous maybe twice a week and its usually in the middle of the day, sometimes when i haven’t eaten, sometimes when i just ate. i pee anywhere from 6-12 times during an 8 hour shift at work. sometimes i’ll go within twenty minutes from the last time i went.   i only drink water because of my dehydration issues but i never over-drink because my mother almost died last year of overyhydration and hyponatremia and was hospitalized for three weeks while they raised her sodium levels. she had the lowest recorded sodium level in medical history at 95/mmol/L. this was the only time this has ever happened to her and has not happened again, so i don’t think its necessarily hereditary. (long story but she may have been poisoned in some way which is also why i feel this way)   i visited a clinic about two days ago after work and explained what i was going through lately. the doctor immediately tested my blood sugar after i mentioned the peeing. i'm hungry all the time and eating just makes me hungrier. i also have had a bad rash on the left side of my neck for about three weeks, and terrible itchiness in my left armpit. my blood sugar test was “fine” (he never said the reading) and he said i did not have diabetes. instead he asked me if i had a family history of breast cancer… and when i said no, he prescribed me a cream for the itchiness and told me to come back in a week if it didn’t help. he also thought i might have a UTI and prescribed me an antibiotic, but as someone who’s had a few UTIs, i know this is not one. when i have a UTI, i can’t use the bathroom at all. this is just… a lot of peeing.    if anyone can help me, and point me towards something…  i would be so grateful. i feel like something is the root of all these issues but i have no one to help me. my research has basically led me nowhere. the last year and a half of my life has been filled with so many long, unpleasant hospital visits and i would be so happy to find the treatment i need to make this time end.   thanks for even reading :)      **TLDR**: 23f, not overweight, nausea and severe vomiting episodes 20+ times in the last year and a half, severe enough dehydration to need 3-5L of IV fluids. Less issues and no nausea on 40mg of omazeprole for the last year but 4-5 episodes and recent issues with frequent urination, insatiable hunger, and fatigue. i am not pregnant.
8yqu6z,31,36,ADR,tired,vyvanse,vyvanse,Vyvanse is making me extremely tired I was recently diagnosed with adult asd/ADHD and prescribed 30mg Vyvanse. First couple of days were amazing - I could actually focus and do my job - but I noticed how increasingly tired I was feeling at the end of the day. A week later, and taking four days in a row, it is making me fluey-tired almost within an hour of taking it -  to the point I cannot function, just want to stay in bed. Today I did not take it and the fluey-fatigue has gone but I am as jittery and anxious as hell.  What is going on?! It’s like I am getting the side effects in reverse?! I am tempted to just walk away for good. I have two kids with special needs, a job and a house full of crap I need to sort out, I can’t just play Russian roulette with medication to see what works. I
8yqu6z,461,474,ADR,fluey-fatigue,vyvanse,vyvanse,Vyvanse is making me extremely tired I was recently diagnosed with adult asd/ADHD and prescribed 30mg Vyvanse. First couple of days were amazing - I could actually focus and do my job - but I noticed how increasingly tired I was feeling at the end of the day. A week later, and taking four days in a row, it is making me fluey-tired almost within an hour of taking it -  to the point I cannot function, just want to stay in bed. Today I did not take it and the fluey-fatigue has gone but I am as jittery and anxious as hell.  What is going on?! It’s like I am getting the side effects in reverse?! I am tempted to just walk away for good. I have two kids with special needs, a job and a house full of crap I need to sort out, I can’t just play Russian roulette with medication to see what works. I
8ypzu6,165,171,ADR,nausea,vyvanse,vyvanse,Straterra side effects? I'm a college student. Recently switched back to Strattera, I had been on it most of my life but about two years ago switched off because of nausea related side effects. Tried with Concerta and then Vyvanse but hated the extreme physiological rollercoaster that comes with stimulants (concerta was especially bad emotionally). Now back on Straterra, just moved from 25 to 60mg. Stomach side effects still present but I'm handling it.  I'm just wondering what, if any, emotional side effects anyone else noticed? while there isnt nearly as sharp of a curve between when the meds are active / worn off in my system, I feel like it's negatively affecting me. I feel more lethargic and apathetic (especially towards the end of the day), which is very unlike me. What did you guys find was your experience? Did things wear off as you adjusted to the meds? How did you deal with it?
8ypzu6,692,701,ADR,lethargic,vyvanse,vyvanse,Straterra side effects? I'm a college student. Recently switched back to Strattera, I had been on it most of my life but about two years ago switched off because of nausea related side effects. Tried with Concerta and then Vyvanse but hated the extreme physiological rollercoaster that comes with stimulants (concerta was especially bad emotionally). Now back on Straterra, just moved from 25 to 60mg. Stomach side effects still present but I'm handling it.  I'm just wondering what, if any, emotional side effects anyone else noticed? while there isnt nearly as sharp of a curve between when the meds are active / worn off in my system, I feel like it's negatively affecting me. I feel more lethargic and apathetic (especially towards the end of the day), which is very unlike me. What did you guys find was your experience? Did things wear off as you adjusted to the meds? How did you deal with it?
8ypzu6,706,715,ADR,apathetic,vyvanse,vyvanse,Straterra side effects? I'm a college student. Recently switched back to Strattera, I had been on it most of my life but about two years ago switched off because of nausea related side effects. Tried with Concerta and then Vyvanse but hated the extreme physiological rollercoaster that comes with stimulants (concerta was especially bad emotionally). Now back on Straterra, just moved from 25 to 60mg. Stomach side effects still present but I'm handling it.  I'm just wondering what, if any, emotional side effects anyone else noticed? while there isnt nearly as sharp of a curve between when the meds are active / worn off in my system, I feel like it's negatively affecting me. I feel more lethargic and apathetic (especially towards the end of the day), which is very unlike me. What did you guys find was your experience? Did things wear off as you adjusted to the meds? How did you deal with it?
8ylp2s,204,214,ADR,depression,vyvanse,vyvanse,Vyvanse and Flatiline I’ve been absent from PMO for 28 days. First weeks were amazing, I was feeling great. 2 weeks ago I started taking Vyvanse - 30mg (low dose) and felt great about it. 4 days ago some depression/anxiety/demotivation started to hit me(probably Flatline, which I had never experienced before during my journey). I would like to know if there’s any relation between the medication and the Flatline? I also having a wet dream at least once a week.
8ylp2s,215,222,ADR,anxiety,vyvanse,vyvanse,Vyvanse and Flatiline I’ve been absent from PMO for 28 days. First weeks were amazing, I was feeling great. 2 weeks ago I started taking Vyvanse - 30mg (low dose) and felt great about it. 4 days ago some depression/anxiety/demotivation started to hit me(probably Flatline, which I had never experienced before during my journey). I would like to know if there’s any relation between the medication and the Flatline? I also having a wet dream at least once a week.
8ylp2s,223,235,ADR,demotivation,vyvanse,vyvanse,Vyvanse and Flatiline I’ve been absent from PMO for 28 days. First weeks were amazing, I was feeling great. 2 weeks ago I started taking Vyvanse - 30mg (low dose) and felt great about it. 4 days ago some depression/anxiety/demotivation started to hit me(probably Flatline, which I had never experienced before during my journey). I would like to know if there’s any relation between the medication and the Flatline? I also having a wet dream at least once a week.
8yl8x5,261,277,ADR,vasoconstriction,vyvanse,vyvanse,Everyone was not lying when they said Hexen is garbage🤮 I was given a small sample of Hex from my source for noids and oh boy was it a big mistake, I should’ve threw that shit out. First couple days to a week the effects weren’t that bad...after that it’s just vasoconstriction, paranoia and chest pains! I have been prescribed adderall and Vyvanse so I do love my stims but man, I never experienced such negative side effects like I did with this crap.  I did go way too hard for almost 2 months (ROA was vaping) 5 days clean and I still have some chest pains but they have gotten gradually better as each day has progressed. I have taken 140 mg of by Vance I have taken 140 mg of by Vyvanse and still never such bad side effects, my hair also started falling out...so yeah I’m a fuck tard.  I’ve just never experienced anything so addictive. Crack cocaine was 3 times easier to stop and toss in the garbage. The constant need to redose was really disgusting. I know I should just get out of the RC game altogether and get my medical marijuana card and stay away from all synthetics but I hear there is stuff 10 times better than this garbage out there.. i’m just looking for some harm reduction not looking to be reprimanded. I hear NEP is good but not for vaping? I also hear 3‑fluorophenmetrazine is good for using the brain and not just looking at porn. I was also just recently ripped off by a well-known vendor so the entire RC game is freaking me out these as pirates claim that I double spent my bitcoin which is complete bullshit.
8yl8x5,279,287,ADR,paranoia,vyvanse,vyvanse,Everyone was not lying when they said Hexen is garbage🤮 I was given a small sample of Hex from my source for noids and oh boy was it a big mistake, I should’ve threw that shit out. First couple days to a week the effects weren’t that bad...after that it’s just vasoconstriction, paranoia and chest pains! I have been prescribed adderall and Vyvanse so I do love my stims but man, I never experienced such negative side effects like I did with this crap.  I did go way too hard for almost 2 months (ROA was vaping) 5 days clean and I still have some chest pains but they have gotten gradually better as each day has progressed. I have taken 140 mg of by Vance I have taken 140 mg of by Vyvanse and still never such bad side effects, my hair also started falling out...so yeah I’m a fuck tard.  I’ve just never experienced anything so addictive. Crack cocaine was 3 times easier to stop and toss in the garbage. The constant need to redose was really disgusting. I know I should just get out of the RC game altogether and get my medical marijuana card and stay away from all synthetics but I hear there is stuff 10 times better than this garbage out there.. i’m just looking for some harm reduction not looking to be reprimanded. I hear NEP is good but not for vaping? I also hear 3‑fluorophenmetrazine is good for using the brain and not just looking at porn. I was also just recently ripped off by a well-known vendor so the entire RC game is freaking me out these as pirates claim that I double spent my bitcoin which is complete bullshit.
8yl8x5,292,303,ADR,chest pains,vyvanse,vyvanse,Everyone was not lying when they said Hexen is garbage🤮 I was given a small sample of Hex from my source for noids and oh boy was it a big mistake, I should’ve threw that shit out. First couple days to a week the effects weren’t that bad...after that it’s just vasoconstriction, paranoia and chest pains! I have been prescribed adderall and Vyvanse so I do love my stims but man, I never experienced such negative side effects like I did with this crap.  I did go way too hard for almost 2 months (ROA was vaping) 5 days clean and I still have some chest pains but they have gotten gradually better as each day has progressed. I have taken 140 mg of by Vance I have taken 140 mg of by Vyvanse and still never such bad side effects, my hair also started falling out...so yeah I’m a fuck tard.  I’ve just never experienced anything so addictive. Crack cocaine was 3 times easier to stop and toss in the garbage. The constant need to redose was really disgusting. I know I should just get out of the RC game altogether and get my medical marijuana card and stay away from all synthetics but I hear there is stuff 10 times better than this garbage out there.. i’m just looking for some harm reduction not looking to be reprimanded. I hear NEP is good but not for vaping? I also hear 3‑fluorophenmetrazine is good for using the brain and not just looking at porn. I was also just recently ripped off by a well-known vendor so the entire RC game is freaking me out these as pirates claim that I double spent my bitcoin which is complete bullshit.
8yl8x5,735,764,ADR,hair also started falling out,vyvanse,vyvanse,Everyone was not lying when they said Hexen is garbage🤮 I was given a small sample of Hex from my source for noids and oh boy was it a big mistake, I should’ve threw that shit out. First couple days to a week the effects weren’t that bad...after that it’s just vasoconstriction, paranoia and chest pains! I have been prescribed adderall and Vyvanse so I do love my stims but man, I never experienced such negative side effects like I did with this crap.  I did go way too hard for almost 2 months (ROA was vaping) 5 days clean and I still have some chest pains but they have gotten gradually better as each day has progressed. I have taken 140 mg of by Vance I have taken 140 mg of by Vyvanse and still never such bad side effects, my hair also started falling out...so yeah I’m a fuck tard.  I’ve just never experienced anything so addictive. Crack cocaine was 3 times easier to stop and toss in the garbage. The constant need to redose was really disgusting. I know I should just get out of the RC game altogether and get my medical marijuana card and stay away from all synthetics but I hear there is stuff 10 times better than this garbage out there.. i’m just looking for some harm reduction not looking to be reprimanded. I hear NEP is good but not for vaping? I also hear 3‑fluorophenmetrazine is good for using the brain and not just looking at porn. I was also just recently ripped off by a well-known vendor so the entire RC game is freaking me out these as pirates claim that I double spent my bitcoin which is complete bullshit.
8ygjhb,268,277,ADR,irritable,vyvanse,vyvanse,Generic Adderall XR(Prasco) vs Name Brand? Hey everyone!  Recently, I made the switch from Vyvanse to Adderall XR to generics and had some questions.  I've noticed that compared to brand name, this version of Adderall seems to have alot more side effects. I feel more irritable, unfocused, and overall just "sloppier". It feels almost like an unclean version of what adderall used to be for me. I responded very well to name brand, but originally swapped for the cost. Since then, I've noticed that it seems to be alot less effective, hazier, with less focus, more anxiety, and a harder "crash" towards the end of the day. I work IT, and I find myself going back over my thoughts alot more, getting sidetracked much more, and just much more disorganized. I can see a complete change in the quality of my work. I notice my mouth is alot drier, my muscles feel alot more worn out and tired at the end of the day, and overall I feel somewhat stiff with a headache and snappier/irritated.   The medication seems to be working, but it doesn't feel like its "working" as well as it should be.   I can tell a difference between with and without medication, but this just seems alot "dirtier". After doing some reading, I found that alot of generics aren't actually made the same, and different things such as binders, salt ratios, capsule dissolving rates, and other factors can be different. As far as the FDA is concerned, as long as there is 20mg of D-amphetamine salt mix, it is the "same".   After some research, I have found that the generic adderall xr is a Sacchrate mixed with sulfate, where name brand is made out of a sulfate mixed with a saccharate.  [https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/49800043#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/49800043#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry)  [https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/5825#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/5825#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry)  I wonder if this can create a different reaction, since it is a different chemically, technically.   Has anyone else experienced any different changes with generics vs brands, specifically prasco brand Adderall XR?
8ygjhb,965,973,ADR,snappier,vyvanse,vyvanse,Generic Adderall XR(Prasco) vs Name Brand? Hey everyone!  Recently, I made the switch from Vyvanse to Adderall XR to generics and had some questions.  I've noticed that compared to brand name, this version of Adderall seems to have alot more side effects. I feel more irritable, unfocused, and overall just "sloppier". It feels almost like an unclean version of what adderall used to be for me. I responded very well to name brand, but originally swapped for the cost. Since then, I've noticed that it seems to be alot less effective, hazier, with less focus, more anxiety, and a harder "crash" towards the end of the day. I work IT, and I find myself going back over my thoughts alot more, getting sidetracked much more, and just much more disorganized. I can see a complete change in the quality of my work. I notice my mouth is alot drier, my muscles feel alot more worn out and tired at the end of the day, and overall I feel somewhat stiff with a headache and snappier/irritated.   The medication seems to be working, but it doesn't feel like its "working" as well as it should be.   I can tell a difference between with and without medication, but this just seems alot "dirtier". After doing some reading, I found that alot of generics aren't actually made the same, and different things such as binders, salt ratios, capsule dissolving rates, and other factors can be different. As far as the FDA is concerned, as long as there is 20mg of D-amphetamine salt mix, it is the "same".   After some research, I have found that the generic adderall xr is a Sacchrate mixed with sulfate, where name brand is made out of a sulfate mixed with a saccharate.  [https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/49800043#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/49800043#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry)  [https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/5825#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/5825#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry)  I wonder if this can create a different reaction, since it is a different chemically, technically.   Has anyone else experienced any different changes with generics vs brands, specifically prasco brand Adderall XR?
8yffr0,786,801,ADR,distractibility,vyvanse,vyvanse,Feeling like a treatment failure. ADHD and Severe Anxiety. Hi  I've been on medications for over a year. Sorry if my writing is bad, I'm in a really bad mood. Because of my persistent anxiety, I haven't been able to tolerate stimulants, of which I've tried Vyvanse and Concerta before my doctor decided that I shouldn't use them. I'm on Strattera and Intuniv (non-stimulants) for ADHD, and Lyrica and Lexapro for Anxiety.   I feel overmedicated honestly, 30mg of Lexapro and the max rec. dose is 20mg. My anxiety has gotten a bit better, I feel numb and empty a lot but that's been helpful in some contexts. But my ADHD has gotten so bad, I think its cause SSRI can compromise the production of Dopamine and Norepinephrine, so I've heard. Anyway, **I have no motivation, I feel like my distractibility, impulsive and inattention have just gone to hell**. I'm 20 years old and in university, and literally all my motivations, goals and plans are failing before my eyes. Entropy is too strong, every time I try to do something and get organize, several others fall apart. Feeling so hopeless, like I'll inevitably be a dropout and can't seem to accomplish anything in life.   I'm going to make an appointment to talk with my psychiatrist soon about my medication, I need something to help me with my ADHD. Thinking about Wellbutrin, but also maybe I could use a stimulant that I've never tried before, its worth doing something cause right now, I'm on my last leg here before I just drop out of school completely.
8yffr0,817,828,ADR,inattention,vyvanse,vyvanse,Feeling like a treatment failure. ADHD and Severe Anxiety. Hi  I've been on medications for over a year. Sorry if my writing is bad, I'm in a really bad mood. Because of my persistent anxiety, I haven't been able to tolerate stimulants, of which I've tried Vyvanse and Concerta before my doctor decided that I shouldn't use them. I'm on Strattera and Intuniv (non-stimulants) for ADHD, and Lyrica and Lexapro for Anxiety.   I feel overmedicated honestly, 30mg of Lexapro and the max rec. dose is 20mg. My anxiety has gotten a bit better, I feel numb and empty a lot but that's been helpful in some contexts. But my ADHD has gotten so bad, I think its cause SSRI can compromise the production of Dopamine and Norepinephrine, so I've heard. Anyway, **I have no motivation, I feel like my distractibility, impulsive and inattention have just gone to hell**. I'm 20 years old and in university, and literally all my motivations, goals and plans are failing before my eyes. Entropy is too strong, every time I try to do something and get organize, several others fall apart. Feeling so hopeless, like I'll inevitably be a dropout and can't seem to accomplish anything in life.   I'm going to make an appointment to talk with my psychiatrist soon about my medication, I need something to help me with my ADHD. Thinking about Wellbutrin, but also maybe I could use a stimulant that I've never tried before, its worth doing something cause right now, I'm on my last leg here before I just drop out of school completely.
8ybc3o,996,1006,ADR,depression,vyvanse,vyvanse,Wife of Hypersexual Bipolar - Need Advice! I posted this in another group and was directed here....I am new to reddit. I am looking for advice from anyone who has been married to a hypersexual bipolar person. I literally have no one to talk to about my situation. At the outset, I guess it is important to know that husband was diagnosed as bipolar 1 a year and a half ago (he is 44). I guess we kind of knew he was bipolar before then, but avoided facing the situation.  So here's my (long) circuitous story....  When my husband and I were first dating, he had what I thought to be a REALLY high sex drive...but we were single, and I found it it fun and exciting. We got married (this was now 13 years ago), and a year or so after we were married I noticed that my husband appeared to have ADD....so he went and got diagnosed, and was put on Adderall and max dose of Vyvanse. It seemed to help him stay on track, which was great. At some point the doctor noted that he also seemed to cycle into depression, so his PCP put him on sertraline. What I then found was cross dressing stuff and that he was mastrubating all the time, filming himself masturbating, etc. I would confront it, and he would lie about it. We would have wicked fights about it. He would want to have sex all the time, but I felt almost objectified.....like I was just an outlet for him. I started to withdraw, and I have to be honest and say that I found the cross dressing thing REALLY hard to accept - I have always been pretty easy going sexually, but it just bothered me. No offense to anyone who is cool with it - it just isn't my thing.  My husband then added really excessive drinking to the picture. It was so bad that at times he would mutter while walking around in a stupor. At some point, my husband's doctor clued in that my husband could be bipolar and that the sertaline was making his manic episodes worse, and switched his anti-depressant. This seemed to control the cross dressing and hypersexuality a bit....or maybe it was dwarfed by the drinking. Idk. Anyway fast forward to the end of 2016, my husband gets picked up for a DUI at 2 in the morning driving around in a rental car drinking vodka and blows a .28. I tell him I am done and that he has to move out and get some real psych help. He goes right away to a shrink, is diagnosed as bipolar 1 and seroquel is added to the picture. He quits drinking altogether (which is great)....I never follow through on making him move out.  Since that time, my husband has generally been more stable. But he honestly isn't able to handle much other than his work. He is difficult to be with since he tends to only talk about work or politics. He loves our kids but I manage everything and he and I never really "connect." All of our acquaintances (we have no couple friends) are now pretty far in their careers and are going places, talking about their plans for the future. I can talk to him about these things but there really never isn't a "dialogue." There is no connection.  Over the past few months, I have felt in my gut that something was going on again. For you wives or husbands of bipolars, maybe you know what I mean? I could feel it in my gut that something was up. I found two trash cans full of sex stuff in his office - dildos, womens undergarments full of streaks of feces, tape on boobs, etc. Outside of wanting to vomit in my mouth, I get super upset and scream and yell, etc. I check his pills and find out he isn't taking them. He goes back to the shrink and she ups the Seroquel to 300 mg. Two weeks go by, and I find he was "back at it" again last night. I throw his plate of food at him and it breaks against the wall, the kids are crying, and I tell him I am done....he is out.  From the outside we are "normal" people. I am a lawyer and he is an engineer, we have three kids, etc. But inside our home it is just out of control. Every time an issue arises he says he fell off the "deep end" again, he is sorry, he doesn't know what is wrong with him, etc. But it is just like the show Groundhog Day....the same thing over and over again. Is this really as good as it gets while medicated? Is a "normal" life even possible (admitting that normalcy is subject to interpretation)? Can the mood swings be managed with medication? I feel so bad about this situation, especially for my kids who are now heartbroken, but I just don't think that I am able to handle this anymore if this is as good as it is going to get.
8ybc3o,4245,4256,ADR,mood swings,vyvanse,vyvanse,Wife of Hypersexual Bipolar - Need Advice! I posted this in another group and was directed here....I am new to reddit. I am looking for advice from anyone who has been married to a hypersexual bipolar person. I literally have no one to talk to about my situation. At the outset, I guess it is important to know that husband was diagnosed as bipolar 1 a year and a half ago (he is 44). I guess we kind of knew he was bipolar before then, but avoided facing the situation.  So here's my (long) circuitous story....  When my husband and I were first dating, he had what I thought to be a REALLY high sex drive...but we were single, and I found it it fun and exciting. We got married (this was now 13 years ago), and a year or so after we were married I noticed that my husband appeared to have ADD....so he went and got diagnosed, and was put on Adderall and max dose of Vyvanse. It seemed to help him stay on track, which was great. At some point the doctor noted that he also seemed to cycle into depression, so his PCP put him on sertraline. What I then found was cross dressing stuff and that he was mastrubating all the time, filming himself masturbating, etc. I would confront it, and he would lie about it. We would have wicked fights about it. He would want to have sex all the time, but I felt almost objectified.....like I was just an outlet for him. I started to withdraw, and I have to be honest and say that I found the cross dressing thing REALLY hard to accept - I have always been pretty easy going sexually, but it just bothered me. No offense to anyone who is cool with it - it just isn't my thing.  My husband then added really excessive drinking to the picture. It was so bad that at times he would mutter while walking around in a stupor. At some point, my husband's doctor clued in that my husband could be bipolar and that the sertaline was making his manic episodes worse, and switched his anti-depressant. This seemed to control the cross dressing and hypersexuality a bit....or maybe it was dwarfed by the drinking. Idk. Anyway fast forward to the end of 2016, my husband gets picked up for a DUI at 2 in the morning driving around in a rental car drinking vodka and blows a .28. I tell him I am done and that he has to move out and get some real psych help. He goes right away to a shrink, is diagnosed as bipolar 1 and seroquel is added to the picture. He quits drinking altogether (which is great)....I never follow through on making him move out.  Since that time, my husband has generally been more stable. But he honestly isn't able to handle much other than his work. He is difficult to be with since he tends to only talk about work or politics. He loves our kids but I manage everything and he and I never really "connect." All of our acquaintances (we have no couple friends) are now pretty far in their careers and are going places, talking about their plans for the future. I can talk to him about these things but there really never isn't a "dialogue." There is no connection.  Over the past few months, I have felt in my gut that something was going on again. For you wives or husbands of bipolars, maybe you know what I mean? I could feel it in my gut that something was up. I found two trash cans full of sex stuff in his office - dildos, womens undergarments full of streaks of feces, tape on boobs, etc. Outside of wanting to vomit in my mouth, I get super upset and scream and yell, etc. I check his pills and find out he isn't taking them. He goes back to the shrink and she ups the Seroquel to 300 mg. Two weeks go by, and I find he was "back at it" again last night. I throw his plate of food at him and it breaks against the wall, the kids are crying, and I tell him I am done....he is out.  From the outside we are "normal" people. I am a lawyer and he is an engineer, we have three kids, etc. But inside our home it is just out of control. Every time an issue arises he says he fell off the "deep end" again, he is sorry, he doesn't know what is wrong with him, etc. But it is just like the show Groundhog Day....the same thing over and over again. Is this really as good as it gets while medicated? Is a "normal" life even possible (admitting that normalcy is subject to interpretation)? Can the mood swings be managed with medication? I feel so bad about this situation, especially for my kids who are now heartbroken, but I just don't think that I am able to handle this anymore if this is as good as it is going to get.
8yay2r,460,469,ADR,irritable,vyvanse,vyvanse,Vyvanse compared to adderall and yall's thoughts Okay im struggling between the never ending debate between Adderall and Vyvanse. I started adderall as a junior in high school and im about to enter my junior year of college. I take 30 miligrams of XR and a 10 miligram booster late in the afternoon as needed. Here is where my problem is. Last year I made a 4.0 (GPA) both semesters while taking my adderall but the side effects where very harsh. I was always irritable in the afternoons and come night time despite how much success i was having in the classroom, I was full on depressed. Like every night I went to bed sad. For the longest time I chalked it up as "well this is the price you have to pay for the success adderall helps you achieve." I was fine with that thought until it started effecting my relationships.  So this summer I've been trying vyvanse (60 miligrams). I really like how smooth it is, I almost never experience a come down. Ive had 0 irritability and no sadness. Another big thing i have 0 anxiety on Vyvanse, I feel a clamness ive never felt in my life, where as  adderall really really increased my anxiety. But on the other hand, I cant tell if the focus is strong enough for me to achieve the same success ive had in school when it comes around this fall.  I just want to know if you guys have had any similar experiences and if you could shed some light on which medicine in your mind is best
8yay2r,578,587,ADR,depressed,vyvanse,vyvanse,Vyvanse compared to adderall and yall's thoughts Okay im struggling between the never ending debate between Adderall and Vyvanse. I started adderall as a junior in high school and im about to enter my junior year of college. I take 30 miligrams of XR and a 10 miligram booster late in the afternoon as needed. Here is where my problem is. Last year I made a 4.0 (GPA) both semesters while taking my adderall but the side effects where very harsh. I was always irritable in the afternoons and come night time despite how much success i was having in the classroom, I was full on depressed. Like every night I went to bed sad. For the longest time I chalked it up as "well this is the price you have to pay for the success adderall helps you achieve." I was fine with that thought until it started effecting my relationships.  So this summer I've been trying vyvanse (60 miligrams). I really like how smooth it is, I almost never experience a come down. Ive had 0 irritability and no sadness. Another big thing i have 0 anxiety on Vyvanse, I feel a clamness ive never felt in my life, where as  adderall really really increased my anxiety. But on the other hand, I cant tell if the focus is strong enough for me to achieve the same success ive had in school when it comes around this fall.  I just want to know if you guys have had any similar experiences and if you could shed some light on which medicine in your mind is best
8yay2r,982,989,ADR,sadness,vyvanse,vyvanse,Vyvanse compared to adderall and yall's thoughts Okay im struggling between the never ending debate between Adderall and Vyvanse. I started adderall as a junior in high school and im about to enter my junior year of college. I take 30 miligrams of XR and a 10 miligram booster late in the afternoon as needed. Here is where my problem is. Last year I made a 4.0 (GPA) both semesters while taking my adderall but the side effects where very harsh. I was always irritable in the afternoons and come night time despite how much success i was having in the classroom, I was full on depressed. Like every night I went to bed sad. For the longest time I chalked it up as "well this is the price you have to pay for the success adderall helps you achieve." I was fine with that thought until it started effecting my relationships.  So this summer I've been trying vyvanse (60 miligrams). I really like how smooth it is, I almost never experience a come down. Ive had 0 irritability and no sadness. Another big thing i have 0 anxiety on Vyvanse, I feel a clamness ive never felt in my life, where as  adderall really really increased my anxiety. But on the other hand, I cant tell if the focus is strong enough for me to achieve the same success ive had in school when it comes around this fall.  I just want to know if you guys have had any similar experiences and if you could shed some light on which medicine in your mind is best
8yay2r,1018,1025,ADR,anxiety,vyvanse,vyvanse,Vyvanse compared to adderall and yall's thoughts Okay im struggling between the never ending debate between Adderall and Vyvanse. I started adderall as a junior in high school and im about to enter my junior year of college. I take 30 miligrams of XR and a 10 miligram booster late in the afternoon as needed. Here is where my problem is. Last year I made a 4.0 (GPA) both semesters while taking my adderall but the side effects where very harsh. I was always irritable in the afternoons and come night time despite how much success i was having in the classroom, I was full on depressed. Like every night I went to bed sad. For the longest time I chalked it up as "well this is the price you have to pay for the success adderall helps you achieve." I was fine with that thought until it started effecting my relationships.  So this summer I've been trying vyvanse (60 miligrams). I really like how smooth it is, I almost never experience a come down. Ive had 0 irritability and no sadness. Another big thing i have 0 anxiety on Vyvanse, I feel a clamness ive never felt in my life, where as  adderall really really increased my anxiety. But on the other hand, I cant tell if the focus is strong enough for me to achieve the same success ive had in school when it comes around this fall.  I just want to know if you guys have had any similar experiences and if you could shed some light on which medicine in your mind is best
8y6hfa,324,334,ADR,withdrawal,vyvanse,vyvanse,Adjusting amphetamine-based meds "as needed"? Hi, is it OK or does it mess with the body to adjust your dose as needed? and by that, I don't mean increasing it. NO! I mean lowering it down when you feel you don't need it today. Some days I feel like I need 50mg of Vyvanse, so I break it to 30mg and such. Does this lead to withdrawal effects when done frequently?  I can't ask these questions to my shrink, obviously.
8y59tt,784,800,ADR,loss of appetite,vyvanse,vyvanse,Abnormal looking liver after e. coli I am a 24 year old female; 5'8; 120 lbs; non smoker; on vyvanse, nuvaring, and trazedone. I was diagnosed with e. Coli on June 17 but was told not to take antibiotics. I recently had a terrible stomach ache and went to urgent care where they did a cat scan of my abdomen. Everything looked normal except for my liver. They did an MRI of my liver and told me it looks abnormal. MRI of liver with contrast:  [Picture 1](https://imgur.com/je3rWx2) [Picture 2](https://imgur.com/WsYgIIV)  My gastroenterologist believes it may be microscopic blood clots because I have one copy of the prothrombin gene mutation. I tested negative for ANA last week but this week I tested positive (my doctor accidentally repeated the test). My other symptoms include: loss of appetite, joint pain, stomach cramping, loose stools, and back pain just behind my ribs on the left side. Has anyone ever seen a liver like this before/ know what could be going on?
8y59tt,802,812,ADR,joint pain,vyvanse,vyvanse,Abnormal looking liver after e. coli I am a 24 year old female; 5'8; 120 lbs; non smoker; on vyvanse, nuvaring, and trazedone. I was diagnosed with e. Coli on June 17 but was told not to take antibiotics. I recently had a terrible stomach ache and went to urgent care where they did a cat scan of my abdomen. Everything looked normal except for my liver. They did an MRI of my liver and told me it looks abnormal. MRI of liver with contrast:  [Picture 1](https://imgur.com/je3rWx2) [Picture 2](https://imgur.com/WsYgIIV)  My gastroenterologist believes it may be microscopic blood clots because I have one copy of the prothrombin gene mutation. I tested negative for ANA last week but this week I tested positive (my doctor accidentally repeated the test). My other symptoms include: loss of appetite, joint pain, stomach cramping, loose stools, and back pain just behind my ribs on the left side. Has anyone ever seen a liver like this before/ know what could be going on?
8y59tt,814,830,ADR,stomach cramping,vyvanse,vyvanse,Abnormal looking liver after e. coli I am a 24 year old female; 5'8; 120 lbs; non smoker; on vyvanse, nuvaring, and trazedone. I was diagnosed with e. Coli on June 17 but was told not to take antibiotics. I recently had a terrible stomach ache and went to urgent care where they did a cat scan of my abdomen. Everything looked normal except for my liver. They did an MRI of my liver and told me it looks abnormal. MRI of liver with contrast:  [Picture 1](https://imgur.com/je3rWx2) [Picture 2](https://imgur.com/WsYgIIV)  My gastroenterologist believes it may be microscopic blood clots because I have one copy of the prothrombin gene mutation. I tested negative for ANA last week but this week I tested positive (my doctor accidentally repeated the test). My other symptoms include: loss of appetite, joint pain, stomach cramping, loose stools, and back pain just behind my ribs on the left side. Has anyone ever seen a liver like this before/ know what could be going on?
8y59tt,832,844,ADR,loose stools,vyvanse,vyvanse,Abnormal looking liver after e. coli I am a 24 year old female; 5'8; 120 lbs; non smoker; on vyvanse, nuvaring, and trazedone. I was diagnosed with e. Coli on June 17 but was told not to take antibiotics. I recently had a terrible stomach ache and went to urgent care where they did a cat scan of my abdomen. Everything looked normal except for my liver. They did an MRI of my liver and told me it looks abnormal. MRI of liver with contrast:  [Picture 1](https://imgur.com/je3rWx2) [Picture 2](https://imgur.com/WsYgIIV)  My gastroenterologist believes it may be microscopic blood clots because I have one copy of the prothrombin gene mutation. I tested negative for ANA last week but this week I tested positive (my doctor accidentally repeated the test). My other symptoms include: loss of appetite, joint pain, stomach cramping, loose stools, and back pain just behind my ribs on the left side. Has anyone ever seen a liver like this before/ know what could be going on?
8y59tt,850,859,ADR,back pain,vyvanse,vyvanse,Abnormal looking liver after e. coli I am a 24 year old female; 5'8; 120 lbs; non smoker; on vyvanse, nuvaring, and trazedone. I was diagnosed with e. Coli on June 17 but was told not to take antibiotics. I recently had a terrible stomach ache and went to urgent care where they did a cat scan of my abdomen. Everything looked normal except for my liver. They did an MRI of my liver and told me it looks abnormal. MRI of liver with contrast:  [Picture 1](https://imgur.com/je3rWx2) [Picture 2](https://imgur.com/WsYgIIV)  My gastroenterologist believes it may be microscopic blood clots because I have one copy of the prothrombin gene mutation. I tested negative for ANA last week but this week I tested positive (my doctor accidentally repeated the test). My other symptoms include: loss of appetite, joint pain, stomach cramping, loose stools, and back pain just behind my ribs on the left side. Has anyone ever seen a liver like this before/ know what could be going on?
8y4uhx,745,753,ADR,comedown,vyvanse,vyvanse,Which pharma stim for better focus in work/studies Hello you crazy r/stims freaks,  I'm a simple man with a simple question. I have a choice to make : Vyvanse, Adderall, or Ritalin. These are the three pharma stims I could potentially get my hands on, from reputable DN lads.   I'm looking to get a couple of pills to help me occasionally boost my walnut sized brain. I need something to help stimulate my mind in order to come up with creative bullshit faster than the other guys at my ad agency/design studio. I'm talking about a once a month type of thing. Something to help me focus, for a good 4-6 hours of "brainstorming" as we call it.   If possible, I'd like not to fuck up my brain chemistry, and also I'd like to have a smooth/minimal comedown experience. I've heard Adderall is stronger but more intense and prone to harder comedowns. I've read that Ritalin is meh but does the job fairly well. And I've read fuck-all about Vyvanse (or I mean, people have very different opinions of it).  Which stim is best for my dumb ass? Which dosage for a (relatively) healthy 21 year old cunt like me?   Final note : I've done cocaine a handful of times, it's great, but too intense for this purpose and the comedown is difficult, so that's out of the question.   Cheers and have a great wank
8y3ins,161,170,ADR,Dry mouth,vyvanse,vyvanse,Vyvanse and Appetite I got started up on vyvanse again, today is my second day taking it. It is incredible for my symptoms, but the side effects are unpleasant. Dry mouth, jaw and neck tension, reduced appetite (going on like 40 hours without a meal), and it kept me up til 5 am.   I dont know what to do. I want to lower my dose, but i also realize this is only the second day. I have a long history with many prescribed adhd meds but not much in recent years.  In a situation like this, would ya'll wait it out and keep taking it to see if the side effects go away, or all a dr today and try to get a lower dose. Or stop taking it? Not sure. I know this sub has rules about asking about dosages and stuff, i briefly read them and hope i am not conflicting any. Thank you so much for your help!
8y3ins,172,192,ADR,jaw and neck tension,vyvanse,vyvanse,Vyvanse and Appetite I got started up on vyvanse again, today is my second day taking it. It is incredible for my symptoms, but the side effects are unpleasant. Dry mouth, jaw and neck tension, reduced appetite (going on like 40 hours without a meal), and it kept me up til 5 am.   I dont know what to do. I want to lower my dose, but i also realize this is only the second day. I have a long history with many prescribed adhd meds but not much in recent years.  In a situation like this, would ya'll wait it out and keep taking it to see if the side effects go away, or all a dr today and try to get a lower dose. Or stop taking it? Not sure. I know this sub has rules about asking about dosages and stuff, i briefly read them and hope i am not conflicting any. Thank you so much for your help!
8y3ins,194,210,ADR,reduced appetite,vyvanse,vyvanse,Vyvanse and Appetite I got started up on vyvanse again, today is my second day taking it. It is incredible for my symptoms, but the side effects are unpleasant. Dry mouth, jaw and neck tension, reduced appetite (going on like 40 hours without a meal), and it kept me up til 5 am.   I dont know what to do. I want to lower my dose, but i also realize this is only the second day. I have a long history with many prescribed adhd meds but not much in recent years.  In a situation like this, would ya'll wait it out and keep taking it to see if the side effects go away, or all a dr today and try to get a lower dose. Or stop taking it? Not sure. I know this sub has rules about asking about dosages and stuff, i briefly read them and hope i am not conflicting any. Thank you so much for your help!
8y3ee6,26,36,ADR,hyperfocus,vyvanse,vyvanse,(Ritalin) "Tunnel vision" hyperfocus. Dose too high? Not enough food/sleep/exercise? **TLDR: can't control the intense focus I get from Ritalin, would like advice on how to switch tasks or what I should change to maximize the benefits from the medication**  [Before anyone comments that I should try Vyvanse or Adderall or something, Ritalin the only stimulant I've tried so far that's mild enough for me (ADHD-PI). Adderall spiked my anxiety and had horrific comedowns, and Vyvanse killed my appetite and screwed with my blood sugar (I'm hypoglycemic) to the point where I may as well not have taken anything.]  I recently titrated Ritalin IR up to 30mg because 10, 15, and even 20 would work like sleeping pills for me. The only problem is, at 30 I feel like my ADHD gets worse, somehow.  30mg lifts my mood and energy levels quite a bit, and I actually do things instead of lie in bed all day, but I cannot for the life of me control that "tunnel vision" hyperfocus that comes out of it. Is that a sign of a dosage that's too high? I know stimulants are supposed to be mild and that I should barely even be feeling it. Could it have this effect if I am not getting enough sleep?  Maybe I should go back to the 20-25mg range and try that again with rigorous morning exercise? I feel like this is less of a dosage issue and more of a lifestyle/habits issue. Am I correct in thinking that? What can I do so I can maximize the benefits of the medication?
8y3ee6,435,442,ADR,anxiety,vyvanse,vyvanse,(Ritalin) "Tunnel vision" hyperfocus. Dose too high? Not enough food/sleep/exercise? **TLDR: can't control the intense focus I get from Ritalin, would like advice on how to switch tasks or what I should change to maximize the benefits from the medication**  [Before anyone comments that I should try Vyvanse or Adderall or something, Ritalin the only stimulant I've tried so far that's mild enough for me (ADHD-PI). Adderall spiked my anxiety and had horrific comedowns, and Vyvanse killed my appetite and screwed with my blood sugar (I'm hypoglycemic) to the point where I may as well not have taken anything.]  I recently titrated Ritalin IR up to 30mg because 10, 15, and even 20 would work like sleeping pills for me. The only problem is, at 30 I feel like my ADHD gets worse, somehow.  30mg lifts my mood and energy levels quite a bit, and I actually do things instead of lie in bed all day, but I cannot for the life of me control that "tunnel vision" hyperfocus that comes out of it. Is that a sign of a dosage that's too high? I know stimulants are supposed to be mild and that I should barely even be feeling it. Could it have this effect if I am not getting enough sleep?  Maybe I should go back to the 20-25mg range and try that again with rigorous morning exercise? I feel like this is less of a dosage issue and more of a lifestyle/habits issue. Am I correct in thinking that? What can I do so I can maximize the benefits of the medication?
8y3ee6,483,501,ADR,killed my appetite,vyvanse,vyvanse,(Ritalin) "Tunnel vision" hyperfocus. Dose too high? Not enough food/sleep/exercise? **TLDR: can't control the intense focus I get from Ritalin, would like advice on how to switch tasks or what I should change to maximize the benefits from the medication**  [Before anyone comments that I should try Vyvanse or Adderall or something, Ritalin the only stimulant I've tried so far that's mild enough for me (ADHD-PI). Adderall spiked my anxiety and had horrific comedowns, and Vyvanse killed my appetite and screwed with my blood sugar (I'm hypoglycemic) to the point where I may as well not have taken anything.]  I recently titrated Ritalin IR up to 30mg because 10, 15, and even 20 would work like sleeping pills for me. The only problem is, at 30 I feel like my ADHD gets worse, somehow.  30mg lifts my mood and energy levels quite a bit, and I actually do things instead of lie in bed all day, but I cannot for the life of me control that "tunnel vision" hyperfocus that comes out of it. Is that a sign of a dosage that's too high? I know stimulants are supposed to be mild and that I should barely even be feeling it. Could it have this effect if I am not getting enough sleep?  Maybe I should go back to the 20-25mg range and try that again with rigorous morning exercise? I feel like this is less of a dosage issue and more of a lifestyle/habits issue. Am I correct in thinking that? What can I do so I can maximize the benefits of the medication?
8y30wh,520,538,ADR,blood in the stool,vyvanse,vyvanse,Taste of blood in mouth and blood when wiping 26 years old, 210 pounds, 5'11, Male, Vyvanse 30mg Daily, Not a smoker, No current known medical issues (family is known to have heart problems), issue is just from today. Resting heart rate (from watch) seems to be floating around 88-92.  My diet from yesterday was pure awful, some soda and the better part of a large cheese pizza.  I have had an anal fissure in the past, so the wiping didn't really bother me. I did find it odd though that there doesn't seem to be much blood in the stool, just from wiping. I only got a little worried when I tasted blood in my mouth. It was brief and after drinking some water the taste has now gone away, but I just wanted to check and see if this matches up with anything.  What I'm assuming is that it is somehow related to what I ate yesterday being awful, combined with me taking an additional 30mg of Vyvanse today (which I have been told by my doctor is okay to do on occasion).  Overall, I'm not too worried, but would like to know if it sounds like anything could be going on. I'll admit I could have just thought I tasted blood because I saw it (brains are weird) but w/e. Other than these symptoms nothing else seems off. Maybe just the smallest bit of light headedness, but that is something I have come to expect with Vyvanse.  Thanks in advance!
8y1q59,8,17,ADR,addiction,vyvanse,vyvanse,Vyvanse addiction. I've been somewhat addicted to my prescription vyvanse and other uppers for a little over a year and a half now and this is what I have to say.   Please use these drugs responsibly. I'm not trying to tell others how to live their life but these drugs are no joke. They WILL cause long term damage for only short term fun. Just be safe ya'll. Stay self aware and don't let these types of things get away from you.   Peace out.
8y1q59,299,315,ADR,long term damage,vyvanse,vyvanse,Vyvanse addiction. I've been somewhat addicted to my prescription vyvanse and other uppers for a little over a year and a half now and this is what I have to say.   Please use these drugs responsibly. I'm not trying to tell others how to live their life but these drugs are no joke. They WILL cause long term damage for only short term fun. Just be safe ya'll. Stay self aware and don't let these types of things get away from you.   Peace out.
8y1cx5,446,455,ADR,addiction,vyvanse,vyvanse,Took a vyvanse(30mg) and feel pretty damn good. Hi guys, as the title says I got my hands on some Vyvanse and just took it about an hour ago. Never felt like this. Usually, I'm tired, cranky, and can't seem to really concentrate on things for too long. Well currently I'm playing ff14 and I feel like my eyes are glued to the screen. I just asked my friend to get some more as this makes me feel good. But tbh I'm worried, will this turn into an addiction? Do I maybe have ADHD and feel normal? The biggest pro from this is good concentration and NOT TIRED. Which is something I've battled for 2 years now, content fatigue is no fun.
8y1cx5,615,622,ADR,fatigue,vyvanse,vyvanse,Took a vyvanse(30mg) and feel pretty damn good. Hi guys, as the title says I got my hands on some Vyvanse and just took it about an hour ago. Never felt like this. Usually, I'm tired, cranky, and can't seem to really concentrate on things for too long. Well currently I'm playing ff14 and I feel like my eyes are glued to the screen. I just asked my friend to get some more as this makes me feel good. But tbh I'm worried, will this turn into an addiction? Do I maybe have ADHD and feel normal? The biggest pro from this is good concentration and NOT TIRED. Which is something I've battled for 2 years now, content fatigue is no fun.
8y0vd3,233,238,ADR,crash,vyvanse,vyvanse,Any good medications options / combinations to get it to last almost all day? I've been on ADHD medications on and off for years since I was diagnosed when I was about 8 years old. I always hated the side effects and didn't like the crash so I always went off of them.  Fast forward and I'm 25 now and need to go back on them.  Thing is though I have tried things like IR ritalin 20mg months ago and it lasted me legit 45 minutes once it kicked in, and then even 60mg vyvanse only lasted 2 hours once it kicked in.  I'm willing to try any combination of ADHD medications to get them to work.  But I cannot function without near-all day relief.    Has anyone tried or thinks taking 3-4 IR's one after another consecutively daily could work? Or combining any amount of XR's with an IR too? And if anyone has ANY real experience with this issue and a solution for it (such as certain medications or combos) I sincerely appreciate it.  I've heard of mydayis too but read mixed reviews about how long it actually lasts.
8xzrly,21,33,ADR,cold fingers,vyvanse,vyvanse,Does anyone else get cold fingers/hands on Vyvanse? For reference, I am 32/m, slim/toned build (not overweight). Long history of ADHD going all the way back to childhood and currently on Vyvanse.   I noticed recently that the insert that came with my prescription reads:  *Call your doctor right away if you have any new or worsening mental symptoms or problems while taking VYVANSE, especially:  - seeing or hearing things that are not real - believing things that are not real - being suspicious - **Circulation problems in fingers and toes [Peripheral vasculopathy, including Raynaud’s phenomenon]: - Fingers or toes may feel numb, cool, painful  - Fingers or toes may change color from pale, to blue, to red.***  So, I was a bit alarmed when I saw this, as I have noticed that I get cold fingers on Vyvanse. It’s not particularly uncomfortable or bothersome, but (especially in light of the above warning) it concerns me, as I am presuming that this is the result of poor circulation caused by the vasoconstriction of the Vyvanse. I am admittedly a bit of a hypochondriac, but it makes me paranoid that I could have something awful like mild peripheral artery disease (artheriosclerosis). I don’t think I have Raynaud’s, as to my knowledge this only occurs when I am on the Vyvanse, and my fingers do not turn blue or purple or anything like that. They also do not feel numb, tingle, or hurt. They just get mildly cold. Cardiovascular exercise alleviates the symptom temporarily, but it slowly/gradually returns afterwards when I am at rest so long as the Vyvanse is active my system. I do plan on mentioning this to my PCP, but in the mean time is there anyone else who experiences this symptom and has mentioned it to their PCP or Psychiatrist? I’d be interested in knowing if this is a common symptom of the medication that many people experience, or if it is something unique to me that is more likely to be indicative of an underlying health problem. Thanks in advance.
8xzrly,544,567,ADR,Peripheral vasculopathy,vyvanse,vyvanse,Does anyone else get cold fingers/hands on Vyvanse? For reference, I am 32/m, slim/toned build (not overweight). Long history of ADHD going all the way back to childhood and currently on Vyvanse.   I noticed recently that the insert that came with my prescription reads:  *Call your doctor right away if you have any new or worsening mental symptoms or problems while taking VYVANSE, especially:  - seeing or hearing things that are not real - believing things that are not real - being suspicious - **Circulation problems in fingers and toes [Peripheral vasculopathy, including Raynaud’s phenomenon]: - Fingers or toes may feel numb, cool, painful  - Fingers or toes may change color from pale, to blue, to red.***  So, I was a bit alarmed when I saw this, as I have noticed that I get cold fingers on Vyvanse. It’s not particularly uncomfortable or bothersome, but (especially in light of the above warning) it concerns me, as I am presuming that this is the result of poor circulation caused by the vasoconstriction of the Vyvanse. I am admittedly a bit of a hypochondriac, but it makes me paranoid that I could have something awful like mild peripheral artery disease (artheriosclerosis). I don’t think I have Raynaud’s, as to my knowledge this only occurs when I am on the Vyvanse, and my fingers do not turn blue or purple or anything like that. They also do not feel numb, tingle, or hurt. They just get mildly cold. Cardiovascular exercise alleviates the symptom temporarily, but it slowly/gradually returns afterwards when I am at rest so long as the Vyvanse is active my system. I do plan on mentioning this to my PCP, but in the mean time is there anyone else who experiences this symptom and has mentioned it to their PCP or Psychiatrist? I’d be interested in knowing if this is a common symptom of the medication that many people experience, or if it is something unique to me that is more likely to be indicative of an underlying health problem. Thanks in advance.
8xzrly,579,599,ADR,Raynaud’s phenomenon,vyvanse,vyvanse,Does anyone else get cold fingers/hands on Vyvanse? For reference, I am 32/m, slim/toned build (not overweight). Long history of ADHD going all the way back to childhood and currently on Vyvanse.   I noticed recently that the insert that came with my prescription reads:  *Call your doctor right away if you have any new or worsening mental symptoms or problems while taking VYVANSE, especially:  - seeing or hearing things that are not real - believing things that are not real - being suspicious - **Circulation problems in fingers and toes [Peripheral vasculopathy, including Raynaud’s phenomenon]: - Fingers or toes may feel numb, cool, painful  - Fingers or toes may change color from pale, to blue, to red.***  So, I was a bit alarmed when I saw this, as I have noticed that I get cold fingers on Vyvanse. It’s not particularly uncomfortable or bothersome, but (especially in light of the above warning) it concerns me, as I am presuming that this is the result of poor circulation caused by the vasoconstriction of the Vyvanse. I am admittedly a bit of a hypochondriac, but it makes me paranoid that I could have something awful like mild peripheral artery disease (artheriosclerosis). I don’t think I have Raynaud’s, as to my knowledge this only occurs when I am on the Vyvanse, and my fingers do not turn blue or purple or anything like that. They also do not feel numb, tingle, or hurt. They just get mildly cold. Cardiovascular exercise alleviates the symptom temporarily, but it slowly/gradually returns afterwards when I am at rest so long as the Vyvanse is active my system. I do plan on mentioning this to my PCP, but in the mean time is there anyone else who experiences this symptom and has mentioned it to their PCP or Psychiatrist? I’d be interested in knowing if this is a common symptom of the medication that many people experience, or if it is something unique to me that is more likely to be indicative of an underlying health problem. Thanks in advance.
8xzrly,1002,1018,ADR,vasoconstriction,vyvanse,vyvanse,Does anyone else get cold fingers/hands on Vyvanse? For reference, I am 32/m, slim/toned build (not overweight). Long history of ADHD going all the way back to childhood and currently on Vyvanse.   I noticed recently that the insert that came with my prescription reads:  *Call your doctor right away if you have any new or worsening mental symptoms or problems while taking VYVANSE, especially:  - seeing or hearing things that are not real - believing things that are not real - being suspicious - **Circulation problems in fingers and toes [Peripheral vasculopathy, including Raynaud’s phenomenon]: - Fingers or toes may feel numb, cool, painful  - Fingers or toes may change color from pale, to blue, to red.***  So, I was a bit alarmed when I saw this, as I have noticed that I get cold fingers on Vyvanse. It’s not particularly uncomfortable or bothersome, but (especially in light of the above warning) it concerns me, as I am presuming that this is the result of poor circulation caused by the vasoconstriction of the Vyvanse. I am admittedly a bit of a hypochondriac, but it makes me paranoid that I could have something awful like mild peripheral artery disease (artheriosclerosis). I don’t think I have Raynaud’s, as to my knowledge this only occurs when I am on the Vyvanse, and my fingers do not turn blue or purple or anything like that. They also do not feel numb, tingle, or hurt. They just get mildly cold. Cardiovascular exercise alleviates the symptom temporarily, but it slowly/gradually returns afterwards when I am at rest so long as the Vyvanse is active my system. I do plan on mentioning this to my PCP, but in the mean time is there anyone else who experiences this symptom and has mentioned it to their PCP or Psychiatrist? I’d be interested in knowing if this is a common symptom of the medication that many people experience, or if it is something unique to me that is more likely to be indicative of an underlying health problem. Thanks in advance.
8xyxz9,716,725,ADR,tolerance,vyvanse,vyvanse,Vyvanse, Porn &amp; A Buddy. So about a month ago i picked up 16 20mg Vyvanse pills from a guy i work with. I thought they were adderall pills at the time but i didn't mind when i found out they were vyvanse because it was still cheap.   I had a buddy over and he wanted to do some with me. It was a Saturday night and we had nothing better to do so he took 60mg and i took 120mg. It was the extended release pills so it took a long time to kick in and even when it did kick in, it wasn't intense at first so we took more.   My buddy took one more pill to put his Vyvanse mg count at 80mg. It was his first time trying it. It was my 2nd time trying it, but the first time i tried it was years ago, so i didnt have a tolerance either. After a couple hours my buddy needed to go home because he needed to study for an exam that took place the following Monday.   Once he left i started watching porn because i felt slightly horny. Then about an hour later it really started kicking in hard. I was horny as fuck. I was watching all these gagging and throat fucking videos, and these hot chicks gargling and salivating on hard dick was really turning me on beyond belief. So i took 5 more pills to bring my total for the night to 220mgs.   After the other 5 pills kicked in i was dangerously horny. To the point i thought i was going to die from horniness. I was so goddamn horny that i watched porn and wacked off for 13 hours straight. 13. Fucking. Hours. I watched porn nonstop and wacked off, for that long.   I'm thinking they should make a film called "13 Hours" and have it be similar to "127 Hours" except be about my 13 hours of sexually obsessed nonstop porn watching and how i had to cut my own arm off because i couldn't stop wacking off.   When i was done jerking and porn surfing my buddy sent me a text about how he just jerked off nonstop for the last 8 hours. The text triggered the horniness back in me and i watched some more porn and jerked off again.   My dick was bleeding all over. It had at least 6 blisters on it from what i remember and i still have some of scabs on it.   Moral to the story, for every 100mg of vyvanse you take, the result is 3 dick blisters.
8xyxz9,1634,1651,ADR,sexually obsessed,vyvanse,vyvanse,Vyvanse, Porn &amp; A Buddy. So about a month ago i picked up 16 20mg Vyvanse pills from a guy i work with. I thought they were adderall pills at the time but i didn't mind when i found out they were vyvanse because it was still cheap.   I had a buddy over and he wanted to do some with me. It was a Saturday night and we had nothing better to do so he took 60mg and i took 120mg. It was the extended release pills so it took a long time to kick in and even when it did kick in, it wasn't intense at first so we took more.   My buddy took one more pill to put his Vyvanse mg count at 80mg. It was his first time trying it. It was my 2nd time trying it, but the first time i tried it was years ago, so i didnt have a tolerance either. After a couple hours my buddy needed to go home because he needed to study for an exam that took place the following Monday.   Once he left i started watching porn because i felt slightly horny. Then about an hour later it really started kicking in hard. I was horny as fuck. I was watching all these gagging and throat fucking videos, and these hot chicks gargling and salivating on hard dick was really turning me on beyond belief. So i took 5 more pills to bring my total for the night to 220mgs.   After the other 5 pills kicked in i was dangerously horny. To the point i thought i was going to die from horniness. I was so goddamn horny that i watched porn and wacked off for 13 hours straight. 13. Fucking. Hours. I watched porn nonstop and wacked off, for that long.   I'm thinking they should make a film called "13 Hours" and have it be similar to "127 Hours" except be about my 13 hours of sexually obsessed nonstop porn watching and how i had to cut my own arm off because i couldn't stop wacking off.   When i was done jerking and porn surfing my buddy sent me a text about how he just jerked off nonstop for the last 8 hours. The text triggered the horniness back in me and i watched some more porn and jerked off again.   My dick was bleeding all over. It had at least 6 blisters on it from what i remember and i still have some of scabs on it.   Moral to the story, for every 100mg of vyvanse you take, the result is 3 dick blisters.
8xyv03,279,297,ADR,low blood pressure,vyvanse,vyvanse,Low Blood Pressure with High (100+ bpm) Pulse on Vyvanse healthy and very active 19 year old white female, approximately 5'1 and 105 pounds   I was recently prescribed 40 mg of Vyvanse for ADHD. I have loved my experience mentally with the medicine. **However** I am having very low blood pressure and a high pulse on it. My blood pressure is around 87/62 and my pulse is generally around 110 bpm. I eat regularly (I set timers on my phone) and I'm drink around 90 -100 fl oz a day. Nothing I do, eating a lot of salty foods or drinking gatorade, seems to really boost my blood pressure. I also get very very cold on the medicine, to the point where I have to sit outside in 90 degree weather with a blanket.   I read online that a Beta Blocker can help bring down a high heart rate but it also reduces blood pressure, and with my blood pressure being so low, I don't know if that's an option. Everything online about stimulants say they raise your bp.   I don't want to go off the medicine; I am basically non-functional off it but I'm really worried about my heart.
8xyv03,304,314,ADR,high pulse,vyvanse,vyvanse,Low Blood Pressure with High (100+ bpm) Pulse on Vyvanse healthy and very active 19 year old white female, approximately 5'1 and 105 pounds   I was recently prescribed 40 mg of Vyvanse for ADHD. I have loved my experience mentally with the medicine. **However** I am having very low blood pressure and a high pulse on it. My blood pressure is around 87/62 and my pulse is generally around 110 bpm. I eat regularly (I set timers on my phone) and I'm drink around 90 -100 fl oz a day. Nothing I do, eating a lot of salty foods or drinking gatorade, seems to really boost my blood pressure. I also get very very cold on the medicine, to the point where I have to sit outside in 90 degree weather with a blanket.   I read online that a Beta Blocker can help bring down a high heart rate but it also reduces blood pressure, and with my blood pressure being so low, I don't know if that's an option. Everything online about stimulants say they raise your bp.   I don't want to go off the medicine; I am basically non-functional off it but I'm really worried about my heart.
8xyv03,604,613,ADR,very cold,vyvanse,vyvanse,Low Blood Pressure with High (100+ bpm) Pulse on Vyvanse healthy and very active 19 year old white female, approximately 5'1 and 105 pounds   I was recently prescribed 40 mg of Vyvanse for ADHD. I have loved my experience mentally with the medicine. **However** I am having very low blood pressure and a high pulse on it. My blood pressure is around 87/62 and my pulse is generally around 110 bpm. I eat regularly (I set timers on my phone) and I'm drink around 90 -100 fl oz a day. Nothing I do, eating a lot of salty foods or drinking gatorade, seems to really boost my blood pressure. I also get very very cold on the medicine, to the point where I have to sit outside in 90 degree weather with a blanket.   I read online that a Beta Blocker can help bring down a high heart rate but it also reduces blood pressure, and with my blood pressure being so low, I don't know if that's an option. Everything online about stimulants say they raise your bp.   I don't want to go off the medicine; I am basically non-functional off it but I'm really worried about my heart.
8xw65z,243,252,ADR,irritated,vyvanse,vyvanse,I just did something stupid because of ADHD Medication This isn't going to be sad, it's actually quite funny    So I don't know if it's a blood sugar thing or a just general overall too low a dose of Vyvanse, but lately I have been a lot more irritated and impulsive.   So I did the dumbest thing ever: I created a post saying "anyone else getting tired of superhero movies?" on a marvel fanpage...A. MARVEL. FANPAGE. Needless to say it didn't go over well...  The thing is I have been getting super irritated super easily so when people disagreed with a, um, strong choice of words, I reacted...with a stronger choice of words.   I ended up getting in a really pointless and dumb argument before realizing how pointless and dumb it was and deleted the post.   **I just thought you guys might have a good laugh at this and convince myself to laugh this off as well because I'm still pretty pissed(for some reason)**
8xw65z,257,266,ADR,impulsive,vyvanse,vyvanse,I just did something stupid because of ADHD Medication This isn't going to be sad, it's actually quite funny    So I don't know if it's a blood sugar thing or a just general overall too low a dose of Vyvanse, but lately I have been a lot more irritated and impulsive.   So I did the dumbest thing ever: I created a post saying "anyone else getting tired of superhero movies?" on a marvel fanpage...A. MARVEL. FANPAGE. Needless to say it didn't go over well...  The thing is I have been getting super irritated super easily so when people disagreed with a, um, strong choice of words, I reacted...with a stronger choice of words.   I ended up getting in a really pointless and dumb argument before realizing how pointless and dumb it was and deleted the post.   **I just thought you guys might have a good laugh at this and convince myself to laugh this off as well because I'm still pretty pissed(for some reason)**
8xvbrs,1072,1081,ADR,depressed,vyvanse,vyvanse,Im Having a Hard Time Staying Positive My Psychiatrist started me on Adderall two months, and it just made me feel like absolute garbage. I told him it made me feel like garbage, that there was almost no increase in my ability to focus or complete tasks, and the benefits do not out weigh the side effects, of which I have many. I even told him my pharmacist thinks I need to switch to something else as my side effects were quite rare and interfering with my day to day. He had recommended I try Methylphenidate.   My Psychiatrist acted like that would be fine, and then at the end of the session told me to try the Adderall for *one more month*!    Recently my son switched meds, he's on Vyvanse now, and so I had a two week supply of his methylphenidate leftover. So I tried it, and tried it for a week, and it had *ZERO* side effects. Now I'm pissed that my Psychiatrist wouldn't take me or my pharmacist's suggestion seriously.  I got back on my Adderall over this last weekend, and I felt so bad I just quit it. I'm currently on day two of no Medicine and I feel so depressed. I don't know if this is withdrawals or what. I feel like my Psychiatrist isn't ever going to give me the shit that actually works. 😞 And its worse cause now I know what I'm missing.   I used to be the most positive person... No matter how hard things got I always thought I could overcome any of my flaws and failures...  And while I once I felt relief at my diagnosis, now I feel despair....  I don't want to have an incurable nuerobiological disorder. I just want to be fucking normal. It's literally all I have ever desired. And now I know it's impossible...   How do I get my positive outlook back?
8xvbrs,1107,1118,ADR,withdrawals,vyvanse,vyvanse,Im Having a Hard Time Staying Positive My Psychiatrist started me on Adderall two months, and it just made me feel like absolute garbage. I told him it made me feel like garbage, that there was almost no increase in my ability to focus or complete tasks, and the benefits do not out weigh the side effects, of which I have many. I even told him my pharmacist thinks I need to switch to something else as my side effects were quite rare and interfering with my day to day. He had recommended I try Methylphenidate.   My Psychiatrist acted like that would be fine, and then at the end of the session told me to try the Adderall for *one more month*!    Recently my son switched meds, he's on Vyvanse now, and so I had a two week supply of his methylphenidate leftover. So I tried it, and tried it for a week, and it had *ZERO* side effects. Now I'm pissed that my Psychiatrist wouldn't take me or my pharmacist's suggestion seriously.  I got back on my Adderall over this last weekend, and I felt so bad I just quit it. I'm currently on day two of no Medicine and I feel so depressed. I don't know if this is withdrawals or what. I feel like my Psychiatrist isn't ever going to give me the shit that actually works. 😞 And its worse cause now I know what I'm missing.   I used to be the most positive person... No matter how hard things got I always thought I could overcome any of my flaws and failures...  And while I once I felt relief at my diagnosis, now I feel despair....  I don't want to have an incurable nuerobiological disorder. I just want to be fucking normal. It's literally all I have ever desired. And now I know it's impossible...   How do I get my positive outlook back?
8zrete,71,76,ADR,mania,latuda,latuda,Delusional thinking treatments? I am currently going through a bout of mania with some ridiculous delusions and paranoia thrown in there. I have upped my dose of latuda to 80mg but it is not quite where I want it to be, like halfway there. (I am also on 20 mg of Prozac too, but that's it.)  What would be the best options from me to go forward in ridding myself of the delusions? I have an appointment with my psych this week and just want to be prepared going into the appointment.  I am also on a waiting list for a therapist so I will be going that route as well.  Am I obsessing over this too much? I want to be back to normal now and this is just taking too long. Tell me to be patient or help me with suggestions please!
8zrete,112,120,ADR,paranoia,latuda,latuda,Delusional thinking treatments? I am currently going through a bout of mania with some ridiculous delusions and paranoia thrown in there. I have upped my dose of latuda to 80mg but it is not quite where I want it to be, like halfway there. (I am also on 20 mg of Prozac too, but that's it.)  What would be the best options from me to go forward in ridding myself of the delusions? I have an appointment with my psych this week and just want to be prepared going into the appointment.  I am also on a waiting list for a therapist so I will be going that route as well.  Am I obsessing over this too much? I want to be back to normal now and this is just taking too long. Tell me to be patient or help me with suggestions please!
8zr1ur,389,394,ADR,manic,Vraylar,Vraylar,Not Sure Where to Go From Here I recently made a medication switch and I feel like it has caused me to rapid cycle. I went off of Latuda, and switched on to Vraylar. To manage my Bipolar I now take Lithium, Vraylar, Respiridone, Propanolol, Vitamin D, and Lorazepam. At first I was really excited because, after a year-long depression, things were getting better. But then I started to go manic. I planned and executed a trip very last minute. My sleep went down. My sex drive increased. I did my makeup every day and I felt good. Fast forward to two weeks into the medication switch and things began to change. I feel so low that I have no motivation to do anything. I do not have a drive to live anymore, I do not want to keep living. But I still have the energy of the mania. This is miserable. I want to throw away all of my medications, because it seems like they don't work either way. I'm tired of picking them up from the pharmacy and taking them every morning and night.   I guess I'm writing to see if anyone else has been here, or if you have any helpful advice to give. I could sure use it. I'm not sure where to go from here. Anyway I hope life is treating you all well.
8zr1ur,638,651,ADR,no motivation,Vraylar,Vraylar,Not Sure Where to Go From Here I recently made a medication switch and I feel like it has caused me to rapid cycle. I went off of Latuda, and switched on to Vraylar. To manage my Bipolar I now take Lithium, Vraylar, Respiridone, Propanolol, Vitamin D, and Lorazepam. At first I was really excited because, after a year-long depression, things were getting better. But then I started to go manic. I planned and executed a trip very last minute. My sleep went down. My sex drive increased. I did my makeup every day and I felt good. Fast forward to two weeks into the medication switch and things began to change. I feel so low that I have no motivation to do anything. I do not have a drive to live anymore, I do not want to keep living. But I still have the energy of the mania. This is miserable. I want to throw away all of my medications, because it seems like they don't work either way. I'm tired of picking them up from the pharmacy and taking them every morning and night.   I guess I'm writing to see if anyone else has been here, or if you have any helpful advice to give. I could sure use it. I'm not sure where to go from here. Anyway I hope life is treating you all well.
8zpziu,147,155,ADR,seizures,latuda,latuda,Drug testing after medical emergencies Because of the medications i take and have prescriptions for (welbutrin and latuda) i have a medium risk of seizures. I work at a place that will drug test after an injury but i am wondering if they can legally drug test me if i were to have a seizure at work? I smoke weed here and there and i dont want to lose my job in case something happens. Thanks in advance for the help!
8ze63l,180,188,ADR,bleeding,latuda,latuda,Holy shit I just got back from the hospital and got a medication change (Lithium lowered, Zyprexa traded for Latuda) and wow I've never picked so bad in my life. My entire face is bleeding. I didn't even have much acne, just some tiny bumps and I just had to squeeze every pore and see the sebum come out. I'm covered in hydrocolloid bandages and I don't wanna leave the house. What the fuck...  Could this really just be a symptom of my body dysmorphia if it's this bad? Like yes in the past I would pick at bumps and pimples to "improve" the appearance (but most of the time it would look more inflamed and worse) and sometimes I would go realllyyyy far and pick a lot but this is like I feel like I NEED to pick at all times. Am I becoming manic?
8ze63l,214,218,ADR,acne,latuda,latuda,Holy shit I just got back from the hospital and got a medication change (Lithium lowered, Zyprexa traded for Latuda) and wow I've never picked so bad in my life. My entire face is bleeding. I didn't even have much acne, just some tiny bumps and I just had to squeeze every pore and see the sebum come out. I'm covered in hydrocolloid bandages and I don't wanna leave the house. What the fuck...  Could this really just be a symptom of my body dysmorphia if it's this bad? Like yes in the past I would pick at bumps and pimples to "improve" the appearance (but most of the time it would look more inflamed and worse) and sometimes I would go realllyyyy far and pick a lot but this is like I feel like I NEED to pick at all times. Am I becoming manic?
8ze63l,235,240,ADR,bumps,latuda,latuda,Holy shit I just got back from the hospital and got a medication change (Lithium lowered, Zyprexa traded for Latuda) and wow I've never picked so bad in my life. My entire face is bleeding. I didn't even have much acne, just some tiny bumps and I just had to squeeze every pore and see the sebum come out. I'm covered in hydrocolloid bandages and I don't wanna leave the house. What the fuck...  Could this really just be a symptom of my body dysmorphia if it's this bad? Like yes in the past I would pick at bumps and pimples to "improve" the appearance (but most of the time it would look more inflamed and worse) and sometimes I would go realllyyyy far and pick a lot but this is like I feel like I NEED to pick at all times. Am I becoming manic?
8z6vsq,14,19,ADR,manic,latuda,latuda,Am I becoming manic? So I had some med changes at the hospital, we lowered my Lithium from 1200mg to 900mg and we replaced Zyprexa 7.5mg with Latuda 60mg. I feel great, much less fatigued and better overall. However, I have noticed three things: increased skin picking, hypersexuality, and maybe psychosis? I have body dysmorphic disorder with my skin and it makes me pick a lot, but this is just ridiculous the slightest bump on my face causes me to squeeze it till it bleeds, my entire face is a bloody mess. I practically squeezed every pore on my face, and it's not even like I was breaking out or anything it was just very slight bumps on my face. I don't want to even leave my house...  The other thing is the hypersexuality: I've masturbated 4 times today and watched porn for hours. Previously I was on NoFap...  Thirdly, I'm having some paranoia and delusions. The chief one right now is I think my dad was sent by God and that he can read my mind and knows every time I lied to him. Obviously that isn't true, I know that, but the idea of it keeps coming to me and it's making me uncomfortable. The thing is though I experience delusions and paranoia outside of mania anyway, so maybe it's just that the 60mg of Latuda isn't enough? As many problems as I had with Zyprexa I will say that it was reallyyyy good at destroying my psychosis. Basically I can't tell if this is manic psychosis or just normal psychosis, but I think it's normal psychosis since I've noticed that I'm much less self-aware and prone to be convinced by my delusions when I'm both manic and psychotic.  Other than that, I feel okay. My mood isn't elevated. I feel in control, I feel self-aware and conscious. I don't know, are these warning signs?
8z6vsq,256,268,ADR,skin picking,latuda,latuda,Am I becoming manic? So I had some med changes at the hospital, we lowered my Lithium from 1200mg to 900mg and we replaced Zyprexa 7.5mg with Latuda 60mg. I feel great, much less fatigued and better overall. However, I have noticed three things: increased skin picking, hypersexuality, and maybe psychosis? I have body dysmorphic disorder with my skin and it makes me pick a lot, but this is just ridiculous the slightest bump on my face causes me to squeeze it till it bleeds, my entire face is a bloody mess. I practically squeezed every pore on my face, and it's not even like I was breaking out or anything it was just very slight bumps on my face. I don't want to even leave my house...  The other thing is the hypersexuality: I've masturbated 4 times today and watched porn for hours. Previously I was on NoFap...  Thirdly, I'm having some paranoia and delusions. The chief one right now is I think my dad was sent by God and that he can read my mind and knows every time I lied to him. Obviously that isn't true, I know that, but the idea of it keeps coming to me and it's making me uncomfortable. The thing is though I experience delusions and paranoia outside of mania anyway, so maybe it's just that the 60mg of Latuda isn't enough? As many problems as I had with Zyprexa I will say that it was reallyyyy good at destroying my psychosis. Basically I can't tell if this is manic psychosis or just normal psychosis, but I think it's normal psychosis since I've noticed that I'm much less self-aware and prone to be convinced by my delusions when I'm both manic and psychotic.  Other than that, I feel okay. My mood isn't elevated. I feel in control, I feel self-aware and conscious. I don't know, are these warning signs?
8z6vsq,270,284,ADR,hypersexuality,latuda,latuda,Am I becoming manic? So I had some med changes at the hospital, we lowered my Lithium from 1200mg to 900mg and we replaced Zyprexa 7.5mg with Latuda 60mg. I feel great, much less fatigued and better overall. However, I have noticed three things: increased skin picking, hypersexuality, and maybe psychosis? I have body dysmorphic disorder with my skin and it makes me pick a lot, but this is just ridiculous the slightest bump on my face causes me to squeeze it till it bleeds, my entire face is a bloody mess. I practically squeezed every pore on my face, and it's not even like I was breaking out or anything it was just very slight bumps on my face. I don't want to even leave my house...  The other thing is the hypersexuality: I've masturbated 4 times today and watched porn for hours. Previously I was on NoFap...  Thirdly, I'm having some paranoia and delusions. The chief one right now is I think my dad was sent by God and that he can read my mind and knows every time I lied to him. Obviously that isn't true, I know that, but the idea of it keeps coming to me and it's making me uncomfortable. The thing is though I experience delusions and paranoia outside of mania anyway, so maybe it's just that the 60mg of Latuda isn't enough? As many problems as I had with Zyprexa I will say that it was reallyyyy good at destroying my psychosis. Basically I can't tell if this is manic psychosis or just normal psychosis, but I think it's normal psychosis since I've noticed that I'm much less self-aware and prone to be convinced by my delusions when I'm both manic and psychotic.  Other than that, I feel okay. My mood isn't elevated. I feel in control, I feel self-aware and conscious. I don't know, are these warning signs?
8z6vsq,296,305,ADR,psychosis,latuda,latuda,Am I becoming manic? So I had some med changes at the hospital, we lowered my Lithium from 1200mg to 900mg and we replaced Zyprexa 7.5mg with Latuda 60mg. I feel great, much less fatigued and better overall. However, I have noticed three things: increased skin picking, hypersexuality, and maybe psychosis? I have body dysmorphic disorder with my skin and it makes me pick a lot, but this is just ridiculous the slightest bump on my face causes me to squeeze it till it bleeds, my entire face is a bloody mess. I practically squeezed every pore on my face, and it's not even like I was breaking out or anything it was just very slight bumps on my face. I don't want to even leave my house...  The other thing is the hypersexuality: I've masturbated 4 times today and watched porn for hours. Previously I was on NoFap...  Thirdly, I'm having some paranoia and delusions. The chief one right now is I think my dad was sent by God and that he can read my mind and knows every time I lied to him. Obviously that isn't true, I know that, but the idea of it keeps coming to me and it's making me uncomfortable. The thing is though I experience delusions and paranoia outside of mania anyway, so maybe it's just that the 60mg of Latuda isn't enough? As many problems as I had with Zyprexa I will say that it was reallyyyy good at destroying my psychosis. Basically I can't tell if this is manic psychosis or just normal psychosis, but I think it's normal psychosis since I've noticed that I'm much less self-aware and prone to be convinced by my delusions when I'm both manic and psychotic.  Other than that, I feel okay. My mood isn't elevated. I feel in control, I feel self-aware and conscious. I don't know, are these warning signs?
8z6vsq,846,854,ADR,paranoia,latuda,latuda,Am I becoming manic? So I had some med changes at the hospital, we lowered my Lithium from 1200mg to 900mg and we replaced Zyprexa 7.5mg with Latuda 60mg. I feel great, much less fatigued and better overall. However, I have noticed three things: increased skin picking, hypersexuality, and maybe psychosis? I have body dysmorphic disorder with my skin and it makes me pick a lot, but this is just ridiculous the slightest bump on my face causes me to squeeze it till it bleeds, my entire face is a bloody mess. I practically squeezed every pore on my face, and it's not even like I was breaking out or anything it was just very slight bumps on my face. I don't want to even leave my house...  The other thing is the hypersexuality: I've masturbated 4 times today and watched porn for hours. Previously I was on NoFap...  Thirdly, I'm having some paranoia and delusions. The chief one right now is I think my dad was sent by God and that he can read my mind and knows every time I lied to him. Obviously that isn't true, I know that, but the idea of it keeps coming to me and it's making me uncomfortable. The thing is though I experience delusions and paranoia outside of mania anyway, so maybe it's just that the 60mg of Latuda isn't enough? As many problems as I had with Zyprexa I will say that it was reallyyyy good at destroying my psychosis. Basically I can't tell if this is manic psychosis or just normal psychosis, but I think it's normal psychosis since I've noticed that I'm much less self-aware and prone to be convinced by my delusions when I'm both manic and psychotic.  Other than that, I feel okay. My mood isn't elevated. I feel in control, I feel self-aware and conscious. I don't know, are these warning signs?
8z6vsq,859,868,ADR,delusions,latuda,latuda,Am I becoming manic? So I had some med changes at the hospital, we lowered my Lithium from 1200mg to 900mg and we replaced Zyprexa 7.5mg with Latuda 60mg. I feel great, much less fatigued and better overall. However, I have noticed three things: increased skin picking, hypersexuality, and maybe psychosis? I have body dysmorphic disorder with my skin and it makes me pick a lot, but this is just ridiculous the slightest bump on my face causes me to squeeze it till it bleeds, my entire face is a bloody mess. I practically squeezed every pore on my face, and it's not even like I was breaking out or anything it was just very slight bumps on my face. I don't want to even leave my house...  The other thing is the hypersexuality: I've masturbated 4 times today and watched porn for hours. Previously I was on NoFap...  Thirdly, I'm having some paranoia and delusions. The chief one right now is I think my dad was sent by God and that he can read my mind and knows every time I lied to him. Obviously that isn't true, I know that, but the idea of it keeps coming to me and it's making me uncomfortable. The thing is though I experience delusions and paranoia outside of mania anyway, so maybe it's just that the 60mg of Latuda isn't enough? As many problems as I had with Zyprexa I will say that it was reallyyyy good at destroying my psychosis. Basically I can't tell if this is manic psychosis or just normal psychosis, but I think it's normal psychosis since I've noticed that I'm much less self-aware and prone to be convinced by my delusions when I'm both manic and psychotic.  Other than that, I feel okay. My mood isn't elevated. I feel in control, I feel self-aware and conscious. I don't know, are these warning signs?
8z4ub8,129,138,ADR,delusions,latuda,latuda,Realising I may never get 'better' Currently stuck on 74MG of Latuda and 60MG of Fluoxetine. Still getting voices, still getting delusions, still anxious, still convinced my phonecalls are being recorded. Still a nightmare to be around... Seems like I get brushed off because I have insight and am not just a complete robot.  Psychiatrists are educated but less empathetic than me and I don't do empathy! They just want control over you and they want you to do as they say, even if it's not good for your mental health.  Only thing keeping me going is the gym, it's my safe space. Seems like it's the only thing I can do without feeling like I'm being watched or judged or worthless.  I tried working. Fucked two jobs up in a month over irrational fears and suicide attempts. I'm engaged to the first person I've ever had an emotional connection with. But my paranoia still fucks with me.  Reached a last resort and posted of GoFundMe. Feel like even more of a failure than I ever did now. So that worked out.   Has anybody on here ever actually progressed somewhat? Because every time I feel like I'm improving, I fall flat on my face
8z4ub8,146,153,ADR,anxious,latuda,latuda,Realising I may never get 'better' Currently stuck on 74MG of Latuda and 60MG of Fluoxetine. Still getting voices, still getting delusions, still anxious, still convinced my phonecalls are being recorded. Still a nightmare to be around... Seems like I get brushed off because I have insight and am not just a complete robot.  Psychiatrists are educated but less empathetic than me and I don't do empathy! They just want control over you and they want you to do as they say, even if it's not good for your mental health.  Only thing keeping me going is the gym, it's my safe space. Seems like it's the only thing I can do without feeling like I'm being watched or judged or worthless.  I tried working. Fucked two jobs up in a month over irrational fears and suicide attempts. I'm engaged to the first person I've ever had an emotional connection with. But my paranoia still fucks with me.  Reached a last resort and posted of GoFundMe. Feel like even more of a failure than I ever did now. So that worked out.   Has anybody on here ever actually progressed somewhat? Because every time I feel like I'm improving, I fall flat on my face
8z4ub8,737,753,ADR,irrational fears,latuda,latuda,Realising I may never get 'better' Currently stuck on 74MG of Latuda and 60MG of Fluoxetine. Still getting voices, still getting delusions, still anxious, still convinced my phonecalls are being recorded. Still a nightmare to be around... Seems like I get brushed off because I have insight and am not just a complete robot.  Psychiatrists are educated but less empathetic than me and I don't do empathy! They just want control over you and they want you to do as they say, even if it's not good for your mental health.  Only thing keeping me going is the gym, it's my safe space. Seems like it's the only thing I can do without feeling like I'm being watched or judged or worthless.  I tried working. Fucked two jobs up in a month over irrational fears and suicide attempts. I'm engaged to the first person I've ever had an emotional connection with. But my paranoia still fucks with me.  Reached a last resort and posted of GoFundMe. Feel like even more of a failure than I ever did now. So that worked out.   Has anybody on here ever actually progressed somewhat? Because every time I feel like I'm improving, I fall flat on my face
8z4ub8,758,774,ADR,suicide attempts,latuda,latuda,Realising I may never get 'better' Currently stuck on 74MG of Latuda and 60MG of Fluoxetine. Still getting voices, still getting delusions, still anxious, still convinced my phonecalls are being recorded. Still a nightmare to be around... Seems like I get brushed off because I have insight and am not just a complete robot.  Psychiatrists are educated but less empathetic than me and I don't do empathy! They just want control over you and they want you to do as they say, even if it's not good for your mental health.  Only thing keeping me going is the gym, it's my safe space. Seems like it's the only thing I can do without feeling like I'm being watched or judged or worthless.  I tried working. Fucked two jobs up in a month over irrational fears and suicide attempts. I'm engaged to the first person I've ever had an emotional connection with. But my paranoia still fucks with me.  Reached a last resort and posted of GoFundMe. Feel like even more of a failure than I ever did now. So that worked out.   Has anybody on here ever actually progressed somewhat? Because every time I feel like I'm improving, I fall flat on my face
8z4ub8,859,867,ADR,paranoia,latuda,latuda,Realising I may never get 'better' Currently stuck on 74MG of Latuda and 60MG of Fluoxetine. Still getting voices, still getting delusions, still anxious, still convinced my phonecalls are being recorded. Still a nightmare to be around... Seems like I get brushed off because I have insight and am not just a complete robot.  Psychiatrists are educated but less empathetic than me and I don't do empathy! They just want control over you and they want you to do as they say, even if it's not good for your mental health.  Only thing keeping me going is the gym, it's my safe space. Seems like it's the only thing I can do without feeling like I'm being watched or judged or worthless.  I tried working. Fucked two jobs up in a month over irrational fears and suicide attempts. I'm engaged to the first person I've ever had an emotional connection with. But my paranoia still fucks with me.  Reached a last resort and posted of GoFundMe. Feel like even more of a failure than I ever did now. So that worked out.   Has anybody on here ever actually progressed somewhat? Because every time I feel like I'm improving, I fall flat on my face
8z1g6z,673,684,ADR,agoraphobia,latuda,latuda,Sunday, July 15, 2018 So, it’s been a few days. But now it’s Sunday. I’m not really a fan of Sundays. I’ve been out of school for five years and I still think of it as a homework day. But it is nice because we go to my parents’ house to have dinner and maybe watch a movie.  I’m trying to work on my food. Food and I have never been friends. It hurts to eat, and I never know how much to eat. And I’ve been fighting bulimia. It’s terrible. I’d love to do intermittent fasting, my I can’t do that on Latuda.   It looks like it might rain, so I don’t know if the bike ride I wanted to do is still in order.   My therapist has been urging me to get out of the house more. The agoraphobia has gotten pretty bad. I’ve been just leaving places so I can get home.   And that’s about it. How are you nutter butters?
8yongr,12,20,ADR,toxicity,lithium,lithium,can lithium toxicity cause depression? I guess I was fine for a long time, but I always seemed to get sad at night, and as someone with bipolar taking lithium for mood stabalization and Latuda for bipolar depression, I just thought that my doctor and I could raise the dose.  We didn't raise it that much, but I feel like I have been steadily falling deeper into depression since then.  I recently had my lithium levels taken and I was at toxic levels, and have yet to be given the correct dosage.  The depression is pretty bad now, and I guess that I'm looking for light at the end of the tunnel that tells me the depression will be gone soon  Cheers
8yongr,27,37,ADR,depression,latuda,latuda,can lithium toxicity cause depression? I guess I was fine for a long time, but I always seemed to get sad at night, and as someone with bipolar taking lithium for mood stabalization and Latuda for bipolar depression, I just thought that my doctor and I could raise the dose.  We didn't raise it that much, but I feel like I have been steadily falling deeper into depression since then.  I recently had my lithium levels taken and I was at toxic levels, and have yet to be given the correct dosage.  The depression is pretty bad now, and I guess that I'm looking for light at the end of the tunnel that tells me the depression will be gone soon  Cheers
8yk6kl,10,23,ADR,facial rashes,latuda,latuda,Recurring facial rashes? Age: 19 Gender: Male Height: 5'7 Weight: 120lbs Race: Mixed Latino/Asian Location: Face Medications: Lithium, Latuda, Gabapentin, Buspar, Tretinoin  For years I've gotten these rashes that periodically flare up on my face. They're like really red hives that usually disappear within a few hours. It's still embarassing though, especially witb my body dysmorphia about my skin. I don't think it's bug bites or allergic reactions to my skincare since i was without my products for a while, plus was stuck in a hospital for a week so no bugs most likely. And it only happens on my face, and it preceded when i started taking all of my bipolar meds. Is it a skin condition?  Not the best picture, as the rash started calming down, but they look like this: http://imgur.com/NVIHFyM
8yk6kl,268,277,ADR,red hives,Lithium,Lithium,Recurring facial rashes? Age: 19 Gender: Male Height: 5'7 Weight: 120lbs Race: Mixed Latino/Asian Location: Face Medications: Lithium, Latuda, Gabapentin, Buspar, Tretinoin  For years I've gotten these rashes that periodically flare up on my face. They're like really red hives that usually disappear within a few hours. It's still embarassing though, especially witb my body dysmorphia about my skin. I don't think it's bug bites or allergic reactions to my skincare since i was without my products for a while, plus was stuck in a hospital for a week so no bugs most likely. And it only happens on my face, and it preceded when i started taking all of my bipolar meds. Is it a skin condition?  Not the best picture, as the rash started calming down, but they look like this: http://imgur.com/NVIHFyM
8yk6kl,434,452,ADR,allergic reactions,nothing,nothing,Recurring facial rashes? Age: 19 Gender: Male Height: 5'7 Weight: 120lbs Race: Mixed Latino/Asian Location: Face Medications: Lithium, Latuda, Gabapentin, Buspar, Tretinoin  For years I've gotten these rashes that periodically flare up on my face. They're like really red hives that usually disappear within a few hours. It's still embarassing though, especially witb my body dysmorphia about my skin. I don't think it's bug bites or allergic reactions to my skincare since i was without my products for a while, plus was stuck in a hospital for a week so no bugs most likely. And it only happens on my face, and it preceded when i started taking all of my bipolar meds. Is it a skin condition?  Not the best picture, as the rash started calming down, but they look like this: http://imgur.com/NVIHFyM
8yd4cg,436,447,ADR,constipated,tylenol,tylenol,One Month of GI symptoms, had bloodwork, where to go from here? (bloodwork inside) 20 F 5'2 175 (down from 190 about a month ago) 1 month Stomach/Canada Bipolar, Anxiety Zoloft 100mg, Latuda 80mg, Ativan 1mg, Zoplicone 5mg   Hi! I'll try and be as brief as possible. I was admitted to hospital on may 11th after a tylenol overdose and at the time i also had a sprained ankle for which I was taking Naproxen. During this time I was very constipated and they gave me two colace pills in the morning everyday which eventually put me back to normal. I was discharged on May 25th and I would say I was back to normal by around June 5th.   Now, a couple weeks after that (so around the 16th of june) i started to experience some gastrointestinal discomfort and symptoms  -nausea -diarreah up to 8 times per day -lower abdominal cramping -excessive gas After three weeks of this I went to my doctor and had bloodwork, a urine test, and a stool test. I have linked a picture of the results. I have an appointment with my family doctor on July 24th to follow up on the results but I was just wondering what were the next possible examinations or steps to take here? I have been taking anti-diarreah meds and they have not worked, I am still having diarreah and gas everyday. Any ideas what this could be? Please help! thank you  https://imgur.com/gallery/yh3ZCBg
8yd4cg,723,750,ADR,gastrointestinal discomfort,Zoloft,Zoloft,One Month of GI symptoms, had bloodwork, where to go from here? (bloodwork inside) 20 F 5'2 175 (down from 190 about a month ago) 1 month Stomach/Canada Bipolar, Anxiety Zoloft 100mg, Latuda 80mg, Ativan 1mg, Zoplicone 5mg   Hi! I'll try and be as brief as possible. I was admitted to hospital on may 11th after a tylenol overdose and at the time i also had a sprained ankle for which I was taking Naproxen. During this time I was very constipated and they gave me two colace pills in the morning everyday which eventually put me back to normal. I was discharged on May 25th and I would say I was back to normal by around June 5th.   Now, a couple weeks after that (so around the 16th of june) i started to experience some gastrointestinal discomfort and symptoms  -nausea -diarreah up to 8 times per day -lower abdominal cramping -excessive gas After three weeks of this I went to my doctor and had bloodwork, a urine test, and a stool test. I have linked a picture of the results. I have an appointment with my family doctor on July 24th to follow up on the results but I was just wondering what were the next possible examinations or steps to take here? I have been taking anti-diarreah meds and they have not worked, I am still having diarreah and gas everyday. Any ideas what this could be? Please help! thank you  https://imgur.com/gallery/yh3ZCBg
8yd4cg,766,772,ADR,nausea,Zoloft,Zoloft,One Month of GI symptoms, had bloodwork, where to go from here? (bloodwork inside) 20 F 5'2 175 (down from 190 about a month ago) 1 month Stomach/Canada Bipolar, Anxiety Zoloft 100mg, Latuda 80mg, Ativan 1mg, Zoplicone 5mg   Hi! I'll try and be as brief as possible. I was admitted to hospital on may 11th after a tylenol overdose and at the time i also had a sprained ankle for which I was taking Naproxen. During this time I was very constipated and they gave me two colace pills in the morning everyday which eventually put me back to normal. I was discharged on May 25th and I would say I was back to normal by around June 5th.   Now, a couple weeks after that (so around the 16th of june) i started to experience some gastrointestinal discomfort and symptoms  -nausea -diarreah up to 8 times per day -lower abdominal cramping -excessive gas After three weeks of this I went to my doctor and had bloodwork, a urine test, and a stool test. I have linked a picture of the results. I have an appointment with my family doctor on July 24th to follow up on the results but I was just wondering what were the next possible examinations or steps to take here? I have been taking anti-diarreah meds and they have not worked, I am still having diarreah and gas everyday. Any ideas what this could be? Please help! thank you  https://imgur.com/gallery/yh3ZCBg
8yd4cg,774,782,ADR,diarreah,Zoloft,Zoloft,One Month of GI symptoms, had bloodwork, where to go from here? (bloodwork inside) 20 F 5'2 175 (down from 190 about a month ago) 1 month Stomach/Canada Bipolar, Anxiety Zoloft 100mg, Latuda 80mg, Ativan 1mg, Zoplicone 5mg   Hi! I'll try and be as brief as possible. I was admitted to hospital on may 11th after a tylenol overdose and at the time i also had a sprained ankle for which I was taking Naproxen. During this time I was very constipated and they gave me two colace pills in the morning everyday which eventually put me back to normal. I was discharged on May 25th and I would say I was back to normal by around June 5th.   Now, a couple weeks after that (so around the 16th of june) i started to experience some gastrointestinal discomfort and symptoms  -nausea -diarreah up to 8 times per day -lower abdominal cramping -excessive gas After three weeks of this I went to my doctor and had bloodwork, a urine test, and a stool test. I have linked a picture of the results. I have an appointment with my family doctor on July 24th to follow up on the results but I was just wondering what were the next possible examinations or steps to take here? I have been taking anti-diarreah meds and they have not worked, I am still having diarreah and gas everyday. Any ideas what this could be? Please help! thank you  https://imgur.com/gallery/yh3ZCBg
8yd4cg,806,830,ADR,lower abdominal cramping,Zoloft,Zoloft,One Month of GI symptoms, had bloodwork, where to go from here? (bloodwork inside) 20 F 5'2 175 (down from 190 about a month ago) 1 month Stomach/Canada Bipolar, Anxiety Zoloft 100mg, Latuda 80mg, Ativan 1mg, Zoplicone 5mg   Hi! I'll try and be as brief as possible. I was admitted to hospital on may 11th after a tylenol overdose and at the time i also had a sprained ankle for which I was taking Naproxen. During this time I was very constipated and they gave me two colace pills in the morning everyday which eventually put me back to normal. I was discharged on May 25th and I would say I was back to normal by around June 5th.   Now, a couple weeks after that (so around the 16th of june) i started to experience some gastrointestinal discomfort and symptoms  -nausea -diarreah up to 8 times per day -lower abdominal cramping -excessive gas After three weeks of this I went to my doctor and had bloodwork, a urine test, and a stool test. I have linked a picture of the results. I have an appointment with my family doctor on July 24th to follow up on the results but I was just wondering what were the next possible examinations or steps to take here? I have been taking anti-diarreah meds and they have not worked, I am still having diarreah and gas everyday. Any ideas what this could be? Please help! thank you  https://imgur.com/gallery/yh3ZCBg
8ycpm6,66,76,ADR,delusional,vybriid,vybriid,Anyone have experience with Latuda? Lately I’ve been getting some delusional thoughts again so I brought it up with my psychiatrist and he recommended I take Latuda but I’m skeptical about it. I already do take vybriid and Wellbutrin, I’ve been having trouble sleeping as of late so that’s why I’ve been getting a little manic. Just wanted to see if anyone has taken this medication and would be willing to share their opinions about it.
8ycpm6,252,268,ADR,trouble sleeping,vybriid,vybriid,Anyone have experience with Latuda? Lately I’ve been getting some delusional thoughts again so I brought it up with my psychiatrist and he recommended I take Latuda but I’m skeptical about it. I already do take vybriid and Wellbutrin, I’ve been having trouble sleeping as of late so that’s why I’ve been getting a little manic. Just wanted to see if anyone has taken this medication and would be willing to share their opinions about it.
8ycpm6,321,326,ADR,manic,vybriid,vybriid,Anyone have experience with Latuda? Lately I’ve been getting some delusional thoughts again so I brought it up with my psychiatrist and he recommended I take Latuda but I’m skeptical about it. I already do take vybriid and Wellbutrin, I’ve been having trouble sleeping as of late so that’s why I’ve been getting a little manic. Just wanted to see if anyone has taken this medication and would be willing to share their opinions about it.
8yaqim,1251,1265,ADR,creative slump,latuda,latuda,I feel like I've been robbed of my creativity I was talking a few days ago about how Latuda might have been the best thing that ever happened to me, and now I'm suddenly less sure about that. In the last week or so it's felt like a chore to write creatively, and that's a big problem for me. Writing is how I escape even for a little bit, the way I get out of the world and into a better or just different one. Now it feels so much harder to get there, I haven't been able to even look at some of my old stuff without feeling angry that I can't seem to make things work now.  Part of that was a lack of my long acting ADHD meds, which give me the focus I need to actually put words on paper, but I had adderall and was still unable to write. I've heard that anti-psychotics can do this, but this is the first time I've experienced it and I feel like I'm now facing the classic dilemma: do I want to be miserable and able to write, or happy and devoid of creativity? Happy isn't even the right word, it's much closer to sane or stable, and that makes it less of a choice for me. I love being able to create. I tell stories, that's kind of my thing. I feel empty without the ability, hollow and devoid of a soul.   Is this the Latuda, or am I just in a creative slump? It doesn't feel like that to me, but I don't know. Writing is the only thing that brings me a real sense of accomplishment or joy, I don't know what I'd be without it. I'd probably go back to smoking and I'm already struggling with that.
8y9dth,307,330,ADR,struggled with sleeping,seroquel,seroquel,Tapered off seroquel &amp; having issues sleeping. Advice needed. Hey all, I have been on various doses of seroquel for the past 3 years. My pdoc switched me to latuda recently, and wanted me off seroquel asap. (200mg tapered down to nothing over a month). I finally went without seroquel last night, and I struggled with sleeping. I took Ativan/clonazepam (as prescribed), and even melatonin around 3am as I just couldn’t tolerate being wide awake. Nothing really helped. I slept off and on for a few hrs. Not really sure what to do next aside from calling my pdoc. Or if tonight’s sleep will go better.  Any advice would be greatly appreciated.
8y49dt,23,32,ADR,anhedonia,latuda,latuda,Antipsychotics causing anhedonia- is this common? I recently got put on Latuda and everyday for the past 3 weeks I get hit with this giant lack of motivation and no will to do anything. I’ll sit down and try to do any activity and will just receive no joy or want to do it. It always happens at a particular time of day too... about 1-2 pm ish. The only way I’ve able to sort of break out of it is through running on a treadmill. Has this happened to anyone taking Latuda or similar anti psychotics? I thought it was helping me when I was delusional pretty well but it’s not worth it if it sucks the joy out of me... any thoughts? Is it weird that it’s not an all day thing? Thanks!
8y49dt,139,157,ADR,lack of motivation,latuda,latuda,Antipsychotics causing anhedonia- is this common? I recently got put on Latuda and everyday for the past 3 weeks I get hit with this giant lack of motivation and no will to do anything. I’ll sit down and try to do any activity and will just receive no joy or want to do it. It always happens at a particular time of day too... about 1-2 pm ish. The only way I’ve able to sort of break out of it is through running on a treadmill. Has this happened to anyone taking Latuda or similar anti psychotics? I thought it was helping me when I was delusional pretty well but it’s not worth it if it sucks the joy out of me... any thoughts? Is it weird that it’s not an all day thing? Thanks!
8y49dt,539,549,ADR,delusional,nothing,nothing,Antipsychotics causing anhedonia- is this common? I recently got put on Latuda and everyday for the past 3 weeks I get hit with this giant lack of motivation and no will to do anything. I’ll sit down and try to do any activity and will just receive no joy or want to do it. It always happens at a particular time of day too... about 1-2 pm ish. The only way I’ve able to sort of break out of it is through running on a treadmill. Has this happened to anyone taking Latuda or similar anti psychotics? I thought it was helping me when I was delusional pretty well but it’s not worth it if it sucks the joy out of me... any thoughts? Is it weird that it’s not an all day thing? Thanks!
8y2kmz,1098,1115,ADR,suicidal thoughts,latuda,latuda,Coping with loneliness, boredom, and depression First, I just want to say that it is so encouraging to read everyone’s posts on the sub and all the encouragement you give.   Right now I’m in a state of being constantly depressed after a huge manic episode that made me have a psychotic break which landed me in a state hospital thinking I was being secretly trained to join the FBI until I woke up after four days of being hospitalized and realized that I was absolutely crazy ¯\_(ツ)_/¯. Luckily, things have been ok for me and I was blessed to get a full time job. Now, the main stressor is feeling like nothing is fun to do and feeling like I’m all alone. All of my friends have moved away to other cities. My previous relationship ended terribly because I was a terrible boyfriend. I used to be so happy and eccentric and now I just always feel bored and alone. I’m on Latuda to combat the depression right now.   How do you all cope when you don’t have any friends or a partner to go to? How do you make yourself find hobbies or make yourself enjoy life? How do adults make friends anyway? The suicidal thoughts used to be just whispers but they slowly get louder and it’s scary. I’m just afraid this is going to be my whole life; coming home from work at 5 and wondering what I should do until I go back to work the next day. Weekends are THE WORST because I have nothing to do.  I just don’t want to be alone and bored and it feels good to get this out. Thanks for reading. If you have any advice, I’d be super thankful. Have a good day.
8xzqfb,116,122,ADR,hungry,latuda,latuda,New medication. Cant stop eating. Help!! My psychiatrist added Latuda to my medication cocktail. It is making me so hungry! I take it at 6pm, the worst of the munchies hit about an hour later... But Im hungrier all day too (normally I fast for 8-10ish hours upon waking and then eat lightly in the evenings)... How in the hell can I overcome this? The last time I was on Latuda, I put on 70lbs in a year. HELP.   TL;DR: New medication has me stuffing my face like a disgusting pig. Advise?
8zw3sh,900,907,ADR,sneezed,suboxone,suboxone,Day 7 off Subs update... Sorry if you guys are getting sick of me, I am getting sick of me, but posting here and other places is REALLY cathartic for me... but here goes..  Today I woke up at 7:38am on my own after a restless nights sleep. I woke up hungry as shit, I poured a big bowl of cereal and ate about half of it. It's a start I suppose. Today I have been REALLY emotional listening to some of the songs that have been getting me through these past 6 days..  **Observations on Day 7**  * I had been listening to the song Glorious by Macklemore as a source of inspiration and today I saw the video and it made me think of my Grandmother and made me an emotional blubbering mess. I suppose this is me coming out of an emotional vacant tunnel caused by subs - [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OrLroFa0AI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OrLroFa0AI) * Today for the first time in over a year I sneezed, 6 rapid fire sneezes. While on Suboxone I NEVER sneezed. Weird. * Finally have an appetite. * Woke up this morning with my Wife holding onto me for the first time in forever, I must have been thrashing around and she must have sensed I was distressed, after this I fell back asleep and had a dream that I was at some sort of event at my old school and she walked off with my Sister and I spent the rest of the dream looking for her upset, so this must have been when she got out of bed and my brain sensed it. Crazy how brains works.  So in short, today I'm an emotional baby back bitch, I'm a bit sore, slight headache, got my appetite back and seeing a light in the tunnel.   **Lord save my soul, take my pain turn it into gold**
8zw3sh,1149,1159,ADR,distressed,suboxone,suboxone,Day 7 off Subs update... Sorry if you guys are getting sick of me, I am getting sick of me, but posting here and other places is REALLY cathartic for me... but here goes..  Today I woke up at 7:38am on my own after a restless nights sleep. I woke up hungry as shit, I poured a big bowl of cereal and ate about half of it. It's a start I suppose. Today I have been REALLY emotional listening to some of the songs that have been getting me through these past 6 days..  **Observations on Day 7**  * I had been listening to the song Glorious by Macklemore as a source of inspiration and today I saw the video and it made me think of my Grandmother and made me an emotional blubbering mess. I suppose this is me coming out of an emotional vacant tunnel caused by subs - [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OrLroFa0AI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OrLroFa0AI) * Today for the first time in over a year I sneezed, 6 rapid fire sneezes. While on Suboxone I NEVER sneezed. Weird. * Finally have an appetite. * Woke up this morning with my Wife holding onto me for the first time in forever, I must have been thrashing around and she must have sensed I was distressed, after this I fell back asleep and had a dream that I was at some sort of event at my old school and she walked off with my Sister and I spent the rest of the dream looking for her upset, so this must have been when she got out of bed and my brain sensed it. Crazy how brains works.  So in short, today I'm an emotional baby back bitch, I'm a bit sore, slight headache, got my appetite back and seeing a light in the tunnel.   **Lord save my soul, take my pain turn it into gold**
8zw3sh,1507,1511,ADR,sore,suboxone,suboxone,Day 7 off Subs update... Sorry if you guys are getting sick of me, I am getting sick of me, but posting here and other places is REALLY cathartic for me... but here goes..  Today I woke up at 7:38am on my own after a restless nights sleep. I woke up hungry as shit, I poured a big bowl of cereal and ate about half of it. It's a start I suppose. Today I have been REALLY emotional listening to some of the songs that have been getting me through these past 6 days..  **Observations on Day 7**  * I had been listening to the song Glorious by Macklemore as a source of inspiration and today I saw the video and it made me think of my Grandmother and made me an emotional blubbering mess. I suppose this is me coming out of an emotional vacant tunnel caused by subs - [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OrLroFa0AI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OrLroFa0AI) * Today for the first time in over a year I sneezed, 6 rapid fire sneezes. While on Suboxone I NEVER sneezed. Weird. * Finally have an appetite. * Woke up this morning with my Wife holding onto me for the first time in forever, I must have been thrashing around and she must have sensed I was distressed, after this I fell back asleep and had a dream that I was at some sort of event at my old school and she walked off with my Sister and I spent the rest of the dream looking for her upset, so this must have been when she got out of bed and my brain sensed it. Crazy how brains works.  So in short, today I'm an emotional baby back bitch, I'm a bit sore, slight headache, got my appetite back and seeing a light in the tunnel.   **Lord save my soul, take my pain turn it into gold**
8zw3sh,1520,1528,ADR,headache,suboxone,suboxone,Day 7 off Subs update... Sorry if you guys are getting sick of me, I am getting sick of me, but posting here and other places is REALLY cathartic for me... but here goes..  Today I woke up at 7:38am on my own after a restless nights sleep. I woke up hungry as shit, I poured a big bowl of cereal and ate about half of it. It's a start I suppose. Today I have been REALLY emotional listening to some of the songs that have been getting me through these past 6 days..  **Observations on Day 7**  * I had been listening to the song Glorious by Macklemore as a source of inspiration and today I saw the video and it made me think of my Grandmother and made me an emotional blubbering mess. I suppose this is me coming out of an emotional vacant tunnel caused by subs - [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OrLroFa0AI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OrLroFa0AI) * Today for the first time in over a year I sneezed, 6 rapid fire sneezes. While on Suboxone I NEVER sneezed. Weird. * Finally have an appetite. * Woke up this morning with my Wife holding onto me for the first time in forever, I must have been thrashing around and she must have sensed I was distressed, after this I fell back asleep and had a dream that I was at some sort of event at my old school and she walked off with my Sister and I spent the rest of the dream looking for her upset, so this must have been when she got out of bed and my brain sensed it. Crazy how brains works.  So in short, today I'm an emotional baby back bitch, I'm a bit sore, slight headache, got my appetite back and seeing a light in the tunnel.   **Lord save my soul, take my pain turn it into gold**
8zvntt,81,90,ADR,addiction,nothing,nothing,I am going to a Suboxone doctor this week for the first time I want to quit this addiction for once and for all. I know some people say that Suboxone use doesn't count as clean time, but IDGAF. It's been effective for a few people I know and it's going to be much, much cheaper than my current addiction.   Do you guys have any tips for me for when I go? I really have no idea what to expect.
8zvntt,81,90,ADR,addiction,suboxone,suboxone,I am going to a Suboxone doctor this week for the first time I want to quit this addiction for once and for all. I know some people say that Suboxone use doesn't count as clean time, but IDGAF. It's been effective for a few people I know and it's going to be much, much cheaper than my current addiction.   Do you guys have any tips for me for when I go? I really have no idea what to expect.
8zsf0r,527,537,ADR,addictions,suboxone,suboxone,Looking for input:::: Questions in regards for preparation to come off heroin w/ a plan So, I’ve basically said my goodbyes and I’m ready to move on with the next chapter in my life. I have a new job I am educating my self for and other things.   My question is, is the idea of tapering off heroin a feasible idea? Throughout 20-30 days cutting back in 4-5 day cycles?   I also have prescription Xanax and around 24 mg of suboxone. I do not plan on taking them recklessly due to the horror stories I have read about passing on addictions, but....   My plan is to use the suboxone for a 7-10 day period, not insane amounts. My goal is never to go over 6 mg in a day. Same concept for Xanax, not too many. Just to make my uneasiness A tiny bit more bearable.   I have been reading other threads and gathering information, but is there any else this community can add? I appreciate all input, even if it may be criticism.   Is my plan a good idea or no? I’ve been smoking heroin for 2-3 months now, I have never shot. I’ve heard quitting is a little easier if you haven’t shot, but I don’t know the validity of that.   Thank you.
8zs3yv,748,757,ADR,Addiction,suboxone,suboxone,Hi i'm Harold and I smoke crack when i'm drunk "Hi Harold!" the rest of the room responds too eagerly I think. What a blunt and depressing statement. So utterly disregarding the societal attitudes about these two substances, and admitting what is viewed as nothing less than a personal failure to most people in such a relegated way. I like him. Fuck I am him. Well i'm not, but I am.  Harold is an unassuming figure, about 45, thinning hair, dressed perpetually in a t-shirt and shorts. His wireframe glasses make him look, dare I say, professional. He looks trustworthy. His stories say otherwise, but I would totally smoke crack with this guy any day. Except i'm trying not to do that. Not trying. I am not doing it. Trying never works anyways. Addiction is something more complicated. A mixture of inevitability, muscle memory, and that alter ego which survives solely on past traumas and the remembrance of the drugs we used to self-medicate them.   This is my fourth stab at rehab, and I have found some sense of normality this time in between suboxone strips, off label drug uses and the fact that i'm utterly broke. And i'm enthusiastic about it too, and that's proof enough that the drugs are working. I could never do 12 step programs so i'm in another intensive outpatient program, and I gotta admit I like these people.   Harold gets half way through his day before the piano playing dickhead in the corner butts in to say he's an asshole. Well I like most of these people anyways. This riles the rest of us up. The real 12-steppers get their metaphorical crosses out of their pocket to tell this guy who falls asleep drunk with his cat under his piano that he is going to die of his disease if he can't shut the fuck up for one second. I jump in for the fuck of it, I don't really give a fuck and neither does Harold. The twice a week urine analysis ensures that we are all properly bored and partially relieved, if not outright happy, when shit finally jumps off. Even if it's just for a second before Erin, the unsurprisingly-hot novice therapist running ship today, ineffectively intervenes. It makes no difference. Despite the fact we have health insurance, we are just a group of fucking addicts. Maybe I have underestimated the truth in the 12-step dogma.   Tonight i'm not smoking crack, no more talking to old inuit women between the McDonalds in the city and the adjacent alley while we share a crack pipe. No more needle tips in my car. I've found normality, and hi Harold. I'm Drew and I will probably see you out there some day, but nothing is set in stone, I think. It's all conjecture on this end though.
8zomol,14,25,ADR,withdrawals,suboxone,suboxone,Over physical withdrawals. Now what? I am (roughly) 60 days free and clean of opiates (including suboxone). I have done this before but always ended up relapsing because I was frustrated with my overall progress. Everything is a chore still. Simply taking a shower in the morning is a gigantic pain in the balls. I try to eat right, get some exercise, do something social and get a good nights sleep. But it always feels too easy to simply spend my free time in front of the TV or on r/Opieandanthony   I know where this behavior will lead and I definitely don’t want that to happen but I don’t know how to resist the urge to be a lazy slob and spend all of my free time in my room.   I know I lack discipline but I don’t know how to gain it back. I’m gonna try not jacking off but I am doubtful about the benefits and my ability to actually not do it.
8zomol,152,161,ADR,relapsing,suboxone,suboxone,Over physical withdrawals. Now what? I am (roughly) 60 days free and clean of opiates (including suboxone). I have done this before but always ended up relapsing because I was frustrated with my overall progress. Everything is a chore still. Simply taking a shower in the morning is a gigantic pain in the balls. I try to eat right, get some exercise, do something social and get a good nights sleep. But it always feels too easy to simply spend my free time in front of the TV or on r/Opieandanthony   I know where this behavior will lead and I definitely don’t want that to happen but I don’t know how to resist the urge to be a lazy slob and spend all of my free time in my room.   I know I lack discipline but I don’t know how to gain it back. I’m gonna try not jacking off but I am doubtful about the benefits and my ability to actually not do it.
8znbcs,77,86,ADR,addiction,tianeptine,tianeptine,Tianeptine/ Suboxone Question After two and a half years battling tianeptine addiction, I’ve finally decided to go the suboxone route.   So, once I am in the heavy withdrawal stage and I put that first suboxone on my tongue and I end up going into precipitated withdrawal. Can I take more tianeptine to feel normal again. What if the suboxone dose is really small? I need someone with firsthand experience here. Someone who had used these exact chemicals. Not what would happen in THEORY. Thanks guys.
8znbcs,164,174,ADR,withdrawal,suboxone,suboxone,Tianeptine/ Suboxone Question After two and a half years battling tianeptine addiction, I’ve finally decided to go the suboxone route.   So, once I am in the heavy withdrawal stage and I put that first suboxone on my tongue and I end up going into precipitated withdrawal. Can I take more tianeptine to feel normal again. What if the suboxone dose is really small? I need someone with firsthand experience here. Someone who had used these exact chemicals. Not what would happen in THEORY. Thanks guys.
8zl8qz,628,638,ADR,withdrawal,suboxone,suboxone,Question on Withdraw from Low levels of Subutex/Suboxone Hello All,  I have a friend that was addicted to Percs for a while when she was in her teens/early 20s. She has been clean from them for about 5 years now taking Subutex and Suboxone (no scrip).  She needs to drop from taking them quickly and is worried about the withdraw.  That being said: The amount she takes daily is so ridiculously small. An 8mg subutex pill will last her over a month. She shaves off a small amount in the morning and that's it. I'm fairly certain that she is over-blowing the whole thing and since she is taking such a tiny amount daily that the withdrawal will be like a mild cold for about a week. Am i wrong in this? How bad will her withdraw symptoms be? Any advice is greatly appreciated.
8zkz1p,10,18,ADR,blackout,suboxone,suboxone,I used to blackout from xanax but now i never do I tried oxy a few and suboxone for 2 months. I used to blackout on xanax and now i take so much like 24 -50 bars at a time.
8zczkn,637,650,ADR,mild headache,suboxone,suboxone,Day 9- quitting with suboxone It's officially the longest time I went without kratom since I started using daily around 1.5 years ago, when I was trying  to quit before I was making it to day 5-6 and then I just gave up so 9 days doesn't sound as that big of a deal but it is for me, I'm very happy with my progress.  My last dose of suboxone was on Thursday around 2 pm. Friday and Saturday I supported myself with with around 50mg of tramadol a day and Sunday and today I switched over to loperamide.   I gotta say that I was a lot more comfortable when I was on suboxone, ever since I stopped taking it I have constant but thankfully mild headache, RLS, some stomach discomfort and huge trouble with sleep. Tonight I only slept for maybe 3.5 hours tops, I couldn't fall asleep until midnight and I woke up before 4 am which sucks because Monday is one of my busiest days of the week (right after Tuesday...) but I'm hanging in there, I need to get more melatonin for tonight. Thank You all for the support I am receiving on this sub, this really helps.  (Also, ever since I quit taking kratom I completely lost interest in alcohol, have any of you experienced similar thing?)
8zczkn,652,655,ADR,RLS,suboxone,suboxone,Day 9- quitting with suboxone It's officially the longest time I went without kratom since I started using daily around 1.5 years ago, when I was trying  to quit before I was making it to day 5-6 and then I just gave up so 9 days doesn't sound as that big of a deal but it is for me, I'm very happy with my progress.  My last dose of suboxone was on Thursday around 2 pm. Friday and Saturday I supported myself with with around 50mg of tramadol a day and Sunday and today I switched over to loperamide.   I gotta say that I was a lot more comfortable when I was on suboxone, ever since I stopped taking it I have constant but thankfully mild headache, RLS, some stomach discomfort and huge trouble with sleep. Tonight I only slept for maybe 3.5 hours tops, I couldn't fall asleep until midnight and I woke up before 4 am which sucks because Monday is one of my busiest days of the week (right after Tuesday...) but I'm hanging in there, I need to get more melatonin for tonight. Thank You all for the support I am receiving on this sub, this really helps.  (Also, ever since I quit taking kratom I completely lost interest in alcohol, have any of you experienced similar thing?)
8zczkn,662,680,ADR,stomach discomfort,suboxone,suboxone,Day 9- quitting with suboxone It's officially the longest time I went without kratom since I started using daily around 1.5 years ago, when I was trying  to quit before I was making it to day 5-6 and then I just gave up so 9 days doesn't sound as that big of a deal but it is for me, I'm very happy with my progress.  My last dose of suboxone was on Thursday around 2 pm. Friday and Saturday I supported myself with with around 50mg of tramadol a day and Sunday and today I switched over to loperamide.   I gotta say that I was a lot more comfortable when I was on suboxone, ever since I stopped taking it I have constant but thankfully mild headache, RLS, some stomach discomfort and huge trouble with sleep. Tonight I only slept for maybe 3.5 hours tops, I couldn't fall asleep until midnight and I woke up before 4 am which sucks because Monday is one of my busiest days of the week (right after Tuesday...) but I'm hanging in there, I need to get more melatonin for tonight. Thank You all for the support I am receiving on this sub, this really helps.  (Also, ever since I quit taking kratom I completely lost interest in alcohol, have any of you experienced similar thing?)
8zczkn,690,708,ADR,trouble with sleep,suboxone,suboxone,Day 9- quitting with suboxone It's officially the longest time I went without kratom since I started using daily around 1.5 years ago, when I was trying  to quit before I was making it to day 5-6 and then I just gave up so 9 days doesn't sound as that big of a deal but it is for me, I'm very happy with my progress.  My last dose of suboxone was on Thursday around 2 pm. Friday and Saturday I supported myself with with around 50mg of tramadol a day and Sunday and today I switched over to loperamide.   I gotta say that I was a lot more comfortable when I was on suboxone, ever since I stopped taking it I have constant but thankfully mild headache, RLS, some stomach discomfort and huge trouble with sleep. Tonight I only slept for maybe 3.5 hours tops, I couldn't fall asleep until midnight and I woke up before 4 am which sucks because Monday is one of my busiest days of the week (right after Tuesday...) but I'm hanging in there, I need to get more melatonin for tonight. Thank You all for the support I am receiving on this sub, this really helps.  (Also, ever since I quit taking kratom I completely lost interest in alcohol, have any of you experienced similar thing?)
8zbt14,22,32,ADR,Withdrawal,suboxone,suboxone,Suboxone Precipitated Withdrawal with Fentanyl? Just a quick question, and I’ve searched for an answer to this question pretty extensively so any help would be very, very much appreciated:  -*Would taking suboxone before withdrawal has set in send me into withdrawal if I’ve been using exclusively fentanyl, since bupe apparently has a lower binding affinity than fentanyl itself? I feel like I’ve gotten mixed reports on this. *  Also, what’s the best way to induce subs if this is the case? I’ve heard that doing a little bit of subs then a little bit of your DOC to alleviate precipitated withdrawal might work.   Again, thank you so much for any help whatsoever, I’m just trying to get sober and** I really hope this post doesn’t get deleted since my main question is something I haven’t found specific answers/explanations that address it. **  Thanks!
8zahxs,159,169,ADR,dependence,suboxone,suboxone,Where to buy Naltrexone (Generic Revia) online cheap # NALTREXONE HYDROCHLORIDE TABLET  ## What is this medicine?  NALTREXONE helps you to remain free of your dependence on opiate drugs or alcohol. It blocks the ‘high’ that these substances can give you. This medicine is combined with counseling and support groups.   **Where to buy Naltrexone (Generic Revia) online ? This webstore -** [**Online Pharmacy**](http://usamedication.farmaccforhost.com/)   *^(naltrexone naltrexone side effects naltrexone implant naltrexone low dose naltrexone for pain naltrexone hydrochloride naltrexone alcohol naltrexone high naltrexone half life naltrexone injection naltrexone cost naltrexone dosage naltrexone uses naltrexone and weight loss naltrexone and pregnancy naltrexone autoimmune naltrexone abuse naltrexone autism naltrexone and xanax naltrexone and adderall naltrexone and tramadol naltrexone and naloxone naltrexone a controlled substance naltrexone a narcotic naltrexone a hashimoto naltrexone a pan-addiction treatment naltrexone a benzo naltrexone a stimulant naltrexone a bupropion is naltrexone a benzodiazepine is naltrexone a steroid is naltrexone a prescription drug naltrexone brand name naltrexone bupropion naltrexone binge eating naltrexone brand naltrexone benefits naltrexone bracelet naltrexone bulimia naltrexone bipolar naltrexone blood pressure naltrexone black box warning naltrexone b cells naltrexone challenge naltrexone contraindications naltrexone class naltrexone constipation naltrexone challenge test naltrexone compound naltrexone controlled substance naltrexone cancer naltrexone cream c-naltrexone 4.5 mg c-naltrexone side effects c-naltrexone ir c-naltrexone and ms c-naltrexone hcl c-naltrexone 1.5 mg naltrexone c max hepatitis c naltrexone naltrexone c'est quoi naltrexone dose naltrexone drug class naltrexone davis pdf naltrexone depression naltrexone drug interactions naltrexone dosage forms naltrexone dose for weight loss naltrexone diarrhea naltrexone drowsiness l d naltrexone naltrexone effects naltrexone experience naltrexone extended release naltrexone erowid naltrexone er naltrexone euphoria naltrexone efficacy naltrexone epocrates naltrexone endorphins naltrexone energy naltrexone e naltrexone e bupropione naltrexone e naloxone naltrexone e bupropiona naltrexone e psoriase naltrexone e controlado naltrexone e asma naltrexona o que e naltrexona e linfoma naltrexone e fibromialgia naltrexone for alcohol naltrexone for weight loss naltrexone for fibromyalgia naltrexone for ms naltrexone for depression naltrexone for thyroid naltrexone for anxiety naltrexone for binge eating naltrexone for alcohol use disorder naltrexone f naltrexone generic naltrexone generic name naltrexone goodrx naltrexone gambling naltrexone gabapentin naltrexone gaba naltrexone generic cost naltrexone graves disease naltrexone gastric bypass naltrexone gas naltrexone hcl naltrexone horror stories naltrexone headaches naltrexone hair loss naltrexone hailey hailey naltrexone hci/bupropion hcl naltrexone how does it work naltrexone hcl/bupropion hcl naltrexone h naltrexone implant cost naltrexone interactions naltrexone indications naltrexone ingredients naltrexone injection cost naltrexone in pregnancy naltrexone insomnia naltrexone india naltrexone im i hate naltrexone i took naltrexone too soon i accidentally took naltrexone naltrexone joint pain naltrexone jittery naltrexone japan naltrexone j code naltrexone jama naltrexone jak dziala naltrexone ja alkoholi jual naltrexone naltrexone implants johannesburg naltrexone not just for opioids anymore naltrexone kleptomania naltrexone kratom reddit naltrexone kidney naloxone kit naloxone kit cost naloxone kit cvs naloxone kit amazon naloxone kit free naloxone kit instructions naloxone kit nyc naltrexone low dose side effects naltrexone liver naltrexone low dose for pain naltrexone libido naltrexone lupus naltrexone lyme naltrexone low dose uses naltrexone liquid naltrexone lethargy l d n naltrexone naltrexone mechanism of action naltrexone medication naltrexone medscape naltrexone ms naltrexone metabolism naltrexone microspheres naltrexone manufacturer naltrexone mg naltrexone max dose naltrexone monthly injection naltrexone m naltrexone nausea naltrexone naloxone naltrexone nursing implications naltrexone not working naltrexone names naltrexone nicotine naltrexone narcotic naloxone nasal spray naltrexone name brand naltrexone night sweats naltrexone overdose naltrexone over the counter naltrexone opioid naltrexone oral naltrexone off label naltrexone other names naltrexone ocd naltrexone other uses naltrexone obesity naltrexone opioid use disorder o'neil naltrexone implant suboxone on naltrexone naltrexone o que é o que naltrexone o que significa naltrexone o que é naltrexone hcl quanto custa o naltrexone naltrexone pill naltrexone pregnancy naltrexone prescription naltrexone package insert naltrexone pain naltrexone pellet naltrexone prices naltrexone powder naltrexone pregnancy category naltrexone pharmacology p-naltrexone hcl p-naltrexone hcl 1.5 p-naltrexone naltrexone quizlet naltrexone quit smoking naltrexone quebec naltrexone questions naltrexone qp naltrexone qtc naltrexone que es naltrexone qt naltrexone qtc prolongation naltrexone quantification naltrexone reviews naltrexone reddit naltrexone revia naltrexone rash naltrexone recreational naltrexone receptor naltrexone recall naltrexone reversal naltrexone reduce cravings naltrexone research naltrexone schedule naltrexone sinclair method naltrexone suboxone naltrexone smoking naltrexone self harm naltrexone sleep naltrexone solutions naltrexone strengths naltrexone success rate naltrexone thyroid naltrexone tablets naltrexone treatment naltrexone ted talk naltrexone trade name naltrexone tsm naltrexone tired naltrexone taper naltrexone to lose weight naltrexone topical t.naltrexone naltrexone uptodate naltrexone used for pain naltrexone ulcerative colitis naltrexone usmle naltrexone urine test naltrexone uses weight loss naltrexone use for fibromyalgia naltrexone uses and side effects naltrexone u hrvatskoj naltrexone vs naloxone naltrexone vivitrol naltrexone vs methadone naltrexone vs suboxone naltrexone vomiting naltrexone vs naloxone usmle naltrexone and antabuse naltrexone vs topamax naltrexone vs campral naltrexone vs acamprosate naloxone vs naltrexone nalmefene vs naltrexone naltrexone or. suboxone naltrexone weight loss naltrexone wiki naltrexone wellbutrin naltrexone withdrawal symptoms naltrexone while drinking naltrexone what is it naltrexone weight gain naltrexone walgreens naltrexone withdrawal naltrexone works by w dose naltrexone naltrexone w polsce naltrexone w małych dawkach naltrexone w niskiej dawce naltrexone w leczeniu niepłodności naltrexone w ciazy naltrexone w leczeniu alkoholizmu terapia naltrexonem w niskiej dawce naltrexone w endometriozie naltrexone w leczeniu raka naltrexone xanax naltrexone xr naltrexone xr inj naltrexone and xanax together naltrexone and xarelto naltrexone for xanax withdrawal wellbutrin xl naltrexone weight loss naltrexone mixed with xanax low dose naltrexone xanax naltrexona x cancer naltrexona x bupropiona naltrexone youtube naltrexone yorumları naltrexone yawning naltrexone yahoo answers naltrexone yan etkileri naltrexone yan etkileri nelerdir naltrexone can you drink naltrexone make you tired naltrexone make you sleepy naltrexone new york times bupropion and naltrexone naltrexona y autismo naltrexone zombie naltrexone zoloft interaction naltrexone zolpidem interactions naltrexone zone naltrexone zastrzyk naltrexone zastosowanie naltrexone zastrzyk cena naltrexone zonder recept naltrexone zāles zonisamide naltrexone proszki z naltrexonem naltrexone z alkoholem naltrexone 0.5 mg naltrexone 0.8 mg naltrexone hydrochl 0.004 naltrexone hydrochloride 0 002 naltrexone hydrochloride 0.002 glucose naltrexone 1.5 mg naltrexone 100 mg naltrexone 1.5 mg capsule naltrexone 10mg naltrexone 100mg daily naltrexone 1 mg/ml naltrexone 1mg side effects naltrexone 1.5 mg side effects naltrexone 12.5 mg naltrexone 100 mg for weight loss 1. naltrexone naltrexone 1mg naltrexone 1/2 life naltrexone 1mg/ml naltrexone 1 cream naltrexone 1-mg/ml oral liquid naltrexone 1.5 mg bula naltrexona 1 5 naltrexona 1 5mg bula naltrexone 25 mg naltrexone 2 mg naltrexone 2018 naltrexone 25 naltrexone 25 mg weight loss naltrexone 25 mg alcohol naltrexone 2 mg capsules naltrexone 25 mg half life naltrexone 2017 naltrexone 2016 2. naltrexone 2 month naltrexone implant 2 2-bis naltrexone naltrexone 2 5mg naltrexona 2 5mg naltrexona 2 5 naltrexone 3mg naltrexone 380 mg naltrexone 3mg cost naltrexone 3mg tablets naltrexone 3mg side effects naltrexone 3.5mg naltrexone 32 mg naltrexone 3mg brand name naltrexone 380 naltrexone 3mg uk naltrexone 3 naltrexone 3mg capsule naltrexone-3-salicylate 3 month naltrexone implant 3-(cyclopropyl methyl) naltrexone ldn naltrexone 3mg naltrexona 3 mg bula naltrexone 3mg para que serve naltrexona 3 5 naltrexone 4.5mg naltrexone 4.5 mg and alcohol naltrexone 4.5 mg price naltrexone 4.5 mg side effects naltrexone 4.5mg for fibromyalgia naltrexone 4.5mg spc naltrexone 4mg for weight loss naltrexone 4.5mg fertility naltrexone 4.5mg tablets naltrexone 4.5mg ndc naltrexone 4mg naltrexone 4mg capsule naltrexone 4 naltrexone 4 5 mg naltrexone 4 5 mg comprar naltrexone 50 mg naltrexone 5mg naltrexone 50 mg daily naltrexone 50 mg price naltrexone 50 mg bid naltrexone 50mg side effects naltrexone 50 mg tablet price naltrexone 50 mg street value naltrexone 50 mg pill naltrexone 50 mg reviews naltrexone 5 mg naltrexone 5mg side effects naltrexone 5 naltrexone 5 htp naltrexone 6mg naltrexone 60 minutes naltrexone 60 mg naltrexone 6 months naltrexone implant 6 months low dose naltrexone 6mg naltrexone 6 mg 6 month naltrexone implant 6 beta naltrexone naltrexone 75 mg naltrexone 72 hours naltrexone 765 mg implantation tablet delta-7-naltrexone naltrexone 7mg 7 8-didehydro naltrexone naltrexone 8mg naltrexone 8mg cost naltrexone 8/bupropion naltrexone 8mg-bupropion 90 mg naltrexone 80 mg naltrexone 8mg tablet 80 mg naltrexone naltrexone hcl 8mg naltrexone hydrochloride 8mg naltrexona 8 mg bula naltrexone 8 naltrexone 8 mg-bupropion 90 mg naltrexone 9 mg naltrexone 90 mg naltrexone-bupropion 8-90 mg naltrexone-bupropion 8-90 mg tablet sustained release generic revia revia generic name generic review generic review comments generic review responses generic review of systems generic review form generic review meaning genetic review games generic review text beyaz generic reviews cialis generic reviews)*
8zahxs,788,793,ADR,abuse,suboxone,suboxone,Where to buy Naltrexone (Generic Revia) online cheap # NALTREXONE HYDROCHLORIDE TABLET  ## What is this medicine?  NALTREXONE helps you to remain free of your dependence on opiate drugs or alcohol. It blocks the ‘high’ that these substances can give you. This medicine is combined with counseling and support groups.   **Where to buy Naltrexone (Generic Revia) online ? This webstore -** [**Online Pharmacy**](http://usamedication.farmaccforhost.com/)   *^(naltrexone naltrexone side effects naltrexone implant naltrexone low dose naltrexone for pain naltrexone hydrochloride naltrexone alcohol naltrexone high naltrexone half life naltrexone injection naltrexone cost naltrexone dosage naltrexone uses naltrexone and weight loss naltrexone and pregnancy naltrexone autoimmune naltrexone abuse naltrexone autism naltrexone and xanax naltrexone and adderall naltrexone and tramadol naltrexone and naloxone naltrexone a controlled substance naltrexone a narcotic naltrexone a hashimoto naltrexone a pan-addiction treatment naltrexone a benzo naltrexone a stimulant naltrexone a bupropion is naltrexone a benzodiazepine is naltrexone a steroid is naltrexone a prescription drug naltrexone brand name naltrexone bupropion naltrexone binge eating naltrexone brand naltrexone benefits naltrexone bracelet naltrexone bulimia naltrexone bipolar naltrexone blood pressure naltrexone black box warning naltrexone b cells naltrexone challenge naltrexone contraindications naltrexone class naltrexone constipation naltrexone challenge test naltrexone compound naltrexone controlled substance naltrexone cancer naltrexone cream c-naltrexone 4.5 mg c-naltrexone side effects c-naltrexone ir c-naltrexone and ms c-naltrexone hcl c-naltrexone 1.5 mg naltrexone c max hepatitis c naltrexone naltrexone c'est quoi naltrexone dose naltrexone drug class naltrexone davis pdf naltrexone depression naltrexone drug interactions naltrexone dosage forms naltrexone dose for weight loss naltrexone diarrhea naltrexone drowsiness l d naltrexone naltrexone effects naltrexone experience naltrexone extended release naltrexone erowid naltrexone er naltrexone euphoria naltrexone efficacy naltrexone epocrates naltrexone endorphins naltrexone energy naltrexone e naltrexone e bupropione naltrexone e naloxone naltrexone e bupropiona naltrexone e psoriase naltrexone e controlado naltrexone e asma naltrexona o que e naltrexona e linfoma naltrexone e fibromialgia naltrexone for alcohol naltrexone for weight loss naltrexone for fibromyalgia naltrexone for ms naltrexone for depression naltrexone for thyroid naltrexone for anxiety naltrexone for binge eating naltrexone for alcohol use disorder naltrexone f naltrexone generic naltrexone generic name naltrexone goodrx naltrexone gambling naltrexone gabapentin naltrexone gaba naltrexone generic cost naltrexone graves disease naltrexone gastric bypass naltrexone gas naltrexone hcl naltrexone horror stories naltrexone headaches naltrexone hair loss naltrexone hailey hailey naltrexone hci/bupropion hcl naltrexone how does it work naltrexone hcl/bupropion hcl naltrexone h naltrexone implant cost naltrexone interactions naltrexone indications naltrexone ingredients naltrexone injection cost naltrexone in pregnancy naltrexone insomnia naltrexone india naltrexone im i hate naltrexone i took naltrexone too soon i accidentally took naltrexone naltrexone joint pain naltrexone jittery naltrexone japan naltrexone j code naltrexone jama naltrexone jak dziala naltrexone ja alkoholi jual naltrexone naltrexone implants johannesburg naltrexone not just for opioids anymore naltrexone kleptomania naltrexone kratom reddit naltrexone kidney naloxone kit naloxone kit cost naloxone kit cvs naloxone kit amazon naloxone kit free naloxone kit instructions naloxone kit nyc naltrexone low dose side effects naltrexone liver naltrexone low dose for pain naltrexone libido naltrexone lupus naltrexone lyme naltrexone low dose uses naltrexone liquid naltrexone lethargy l d n naltrexone naltrexone mechanism of action naltrexone medication naltrexone medscape naltrexone ms naltrexone metabolism naltrexone microspheres naltrexone manufacturer naltrexone mg naltrexone max dose naltrexone monthly injection naltrexone m naltrexone nausea naltrexone naloxone naltrexone nursing implications naltrexone not working naltrexone names naltrexone nicotine naltrexone narcotic naloxone nasal spray naltrexone name brand naltrexone night sweats naltrexone overdose naltrexone over the counter naltrexone opioid naltrexone oral naltrexone off label naltrexone other names naltrexone ocd naltrexone other uses naltrexone obesity naltrexone opioid use disorder o'neil naltrexone implant suboxone on naltrexone naltrexone o que é o que naltrexone o que significa naltrexone o que é naltrexone hcl quanto custa o naltrexone naltrexone pill naltrexone pregnancy naltrexone prescription naltrexone package insert naltrexone pain naltrexone pellet naltrexone prices naltrexone powder naltrexone pregnancy category naltrexone pharmacology p-naltrexone hcl p-naltrexone hcl 1.5 p-naltrexone naltrexone quizlet naltrexone quit smoking naltrexone quebec naltrexone questions naltrexone qp naltrexone qtc naltrexone que es naltrexone qt naltrexone qtc prolongation naltrexone quantification naltrexone reviews naltrexone reddit naltrexone revia naltrexone rash naltrexone recreational naltrexone receptor naltrexone recall naltrexone reversal naltrexone reduce cravings naltrexone research naltrexone schedule naltrexone sinclair method naltrexone suboxone naltrexone smoking naltrexone self harm naltrexone sleep naltrexone solutions naltrexone strengths naltrexone success rate naltrexone thyroid naltrexone tablets naltrexone treatment naltrexone ted talk naltrexone trade name naltrexone tsm naltrexone tired naltrexone taper naltrexone to lose weight naltrexone topical t.naltrexone naltrexone uptodate naltrexone used for pain naltrexone ulcerative colitis naltrexone usmle naltrexone urine test naltrexone uses weight loss naltrexone use for fibromyalgia naltrexone uses and side effects naltrexone u hrvatskoj naltrexone vs naloxone naltrexone vivitrol naltrexone vs methadone naltrexone vs suboxone naltrexone vomiting naltrexone vs naloxone usmle naltrexone and antabuse naltrexone vs topamax naltrexone vs campral naltrexone vs acamprosate naloxone vs naltrexone nalmefene vs naltrexone naltrexone or. suboxone naltrexone weight loss naltrexone wiki naltrexone wellbutrin naltrexone withdrawal symptoms naltrexone while drinking naltrexone what is it naltrexone weight gain naltrexone walgreens naltrexone withdrawal naltrexone works by w dose naltrexone naltrexone w polsce naltrexone w małych dawkach naltrexone w niskiej dawce naltrexone w leczeniu niepłodności naltrexone w ciazy naltrexone w leczeniu alkoholizmu terapia naltrexonem w niskiej dawce naltrexone w endometriozie naltrexone w leczeniu raka naltrexone xanax naltrexone xr naltrexone xr inj naltrexone and xanax together naltrexone and xarelto naltrexone for xanax withdrawal wellbutrin xl naltrexone weight loss naltrexone mixed with xanax low dose naltrexone xanax naltrexona x cancer naltrexona x bupropiona naltrexone youtube naltrexone yorumları naltrexone yawning naltrexone yahoo answers naltrexone yan etkileri naltrexone yan etkileri nelerdir naltrexone can you drink naltrexone make you tired naltrexone make you sleepy naltrexone new york times bupropion and naltrexone naltrexona y autismo naltrexone zombie naltrexone zoloft interaction naltrexone zolpidem interactions naltrexone zone naltrexone zastrzyk naltrexone zastosowanie naltrexone zastrzyk cena naltrexone zonder recept naltrexone zāles zonisamide naltrexone proszki z naltrexonem naltrexone z alkoholem naltrexone 0.5 mg naltrexone 0.8 mg naltrexone hydrochl 0.004 naltrexone hydrochloride 0 002 naltrexone hydrochloride 0.002 glucose naltrexone 1.5 mg naltrexone 100 mg naltrexone 1.5 mg capsule naltrexone 10mg naltrexone 100mg daily naltrexone 1 mg/ml naltrexone 1mg side effects naltrexone 1.5 mg side effects naltrexone 12.5 mg naltrexone 100 mg for weight loss 1. naltrexone naltrexone 1mg naltrexone 1/2 life naltrexone 1mg/ml naltrexone 1 cream naltrexone 1-mg/ml oral liquid naltrexone 1.5 mg bula naltrexona 1 5 naltrexona 1 5mg bula naltrexone 25 mg naltrexone 2 mg naltrexone 2018 naltrexone 25 naltrexone 25 mg weight loss naltrexone 25 mg alcohol naltrexone 2 mg capsules naltrexone 25 mg half life naltrexone 2017 naltrexone 2016 2. naltrexone 2 month naltrexone implant 2 2-bis naltrexone naltrexone 2 5mg naltrexona 2 5mg naltrexona 2 5 naltrexone 3mg naltrexone 380 mg naltrexone 3mg cost naltrexone 3mg tablets naltrexone 3mg side effects naltrexone 3.5mg naltrexone 32 mg naltrexone 3mg brand name naltrexone 380 naltrexone 3mg uk naltrexone 3 naltrexone 3mg capsule naltrexone-3-salicylate 3 month naltrexone implant 3-(cyclopropyl methyl) naltrexone ldn naltrexone 3mg naltrexona 3 mg bula naltrexone 3mg para que serve naltrexona 3 5 naltrexone 4.5mg naltrexone 4.5 mg and alcohol naltrexone 4.5 mg price naltrexone 4.5 mg side effects naltrexone 4.5mg for fibromyalgia naltrexone 4.5mg spc naltrexone 4mg for weight loss naltrexone 4.5mg fertility naltrexone 4.5mg tablets naltrexone 4.5mg ndc naltrexone 4mg naltrexone 4mg capsule naltrexone 4 naltrexone 4 5 mg naltrexone 4 5 mg comprar naltrexone 50 mg naltrexone 5mg naltrexone 50 mg daily naltrexone 50 mg price naltrexone 50 mg bid naltrexone 50mg side effects naltrexone 50 mg tablet price naltrexone 50 mg street value naltrexone 50 mg pill naltrexone 50 mg reviews naltrexone 5 mg naltrexone 5mg side effects naltrexone 5 naltrexone 5 htp naltrexone 6mg naltrexone 60 minutes naltrexone 60 mg naltrexone 6 months naltrexone implant 6 months low dose naltrexone 6mg naltrexone 6 mg 6 month naltrexone implant 6 beta naltrexone naltrexone 75 mg naltrexone 72 hours naltrexone 765 mg implantation tablet delta-7-naltrexone naltrexone 7mg 7 8-didehydro naltrexone naltrexone 8mg naltrexone 8mg cost naltrexone 8/bupropion naltrexone 8mg-bupropion 90 mg naltrexone 80 mg naltrexone 8mg tablet 80 mg naltrexone naltrexone hcl 8mg naltrexone hydrochloride 8mg naltrexona 8 mg bula naltrexone 8 naltrexone 8 mg-bupropion 90 mg naltrexone 9 mg naltrexone 90 mg naltrexone-bupropion 8-90 mg naltrexone-bupropion 8-90 mg tablet sustained release generic revia revia generic name generic review generic review comments generic review responses generic review of systems generic review form generic review meaning genetic review games generic review text beyaz generic reviews cialis generic reviews)*
8z7z5b,1659,1668,ADR,addictive,suboxone,suboxone,Boxin? This happened a couple years ago during my second year of college. Back then, I was going to a small community college and several of my friends went there as well. On our days that we had the same schedule, we would often grab food at some of the fast food places up the street, and on this day, we had chosen Wendy’s.  The place was relatively empty, but me and my two friends ordered and then sat down at a booth near some windows. We got our food and were about halfway through our meal when this shady man passed by us. He looked to be about in his late 20’s with a sweater on and super greasy black hair with a mustache.  The man passed by once, and then looked out one of the windows before turning to pass by our booth again. On his second pass, he stopped and turned to my friend Cameron, who was sitting directly across from me. He put his hand on Cameron’s shoulder and leaned down really close, very quickly so that none of us really had time to react. He asked Cameron in a hushed voice,       “Hey man, do you know where I can get any boxin?” None of us knew what he meant, and Cameron, visibly confused just stuttered out a “what?” and the man repeated “boxin. You know any man?”   At this point, Cameron thought that the man was meaning to say “boxes”, and he told the guy  “I don’t know man, they might have some at the counter for you.” The guy nodded his head and immediately left the Wendy’s. We didn’t think anything of it, but someone sitting in the booth behind us stood up and asked  “Did that guy just ask you about boxin?” He went on to explain to us that “boxin” is a slang term for a drug called Suboxone, which is a highly addictive drug used to ween people off of harder substances, but it can be abused just as easily. A lady across from us overheard the conversation and mentioned that she had seen the guy walking around the parking lot a bit earlier and talking to people that were in their cars, probably asking them the same thing.  While it wasn’t the creepiest thing in the world, me and my friends were all pretty uncomfortable that some creep felt like it was okay to ask some random college kids just having lunch in a public place if they knew where to get a drug that none of us had even heard of, and I thought it was honestly kind of sad to see someone that desperate to get high. The guy that explained the drug to us actually did end up notifying the police of what had happened, but we never heard anything about the man after that day.
8z7skx,344,353,ADR,addiction,drugs,drugs,Sister [29] is accusing me [33F] of taking pills from her I’ll preface this with I am a drug addict.  I abused opiates for about 10 years and just recently (6 months ago) got into a suboxone program that has been going very well.  I see a doctor weekly, get drug tested every time, have been open and honest with my partner and family about my addiction and the help I am getting.  I made every mistake in the book as an addict and I seriously damaged the relationships in my life but most of all the one I have with my sister.  My ex stole $ from her and I kept in contact with him for awhile after we broke up and she found out about it.  I went NC with him awhile ago but our relationship has never recovered.  She called my mother tonight flipping out accusing me of stealing oxy from her.  My mother was very upset, they do not have a good relationship (my sister is a very nasty and negative person and treats her family like crap).  My mom lives alone and is having a tough time with life.  My sister doesn’t check in on her and it had been 2 months since she had reached out to her.  My mother and I, on the other hand, have a very good relationship (it wasn’t always this way - we have both worked hard to repair it over the last year or so).  My mom told me about the accusation and asked me when the last time I had been to my father’s house was (she lives with him). I honestly don’t remember it’s been that long but I know I haven’t been there without my dad being home (he lived in Paris for 2 years) in a long time.  I told my mom that I have been in this program and that I get drug tested weekly but that I also wouldn’t be able to get high because of the suboxone anyway.  My mother believes me thankfully, but she got a whole heap of shit for standing up for me to my sister.  My sister is a bully and has continued to harass my mom all evening.  I know my sister has been talking shit about me to my dad even though I haven’t heard from him yet.  I tried to get ahead of the situation by texting him and telling him about everything and saying that I would be getting written confirmation from my doctor tomorrow as proof that I have been in this program and working it.  My sister loves to try and turn my family against me, so right now my biggest concern is that this is going to affect the hard work I have put in to repair the relationship I have with my father.  At this point my sister has been so awful to me I don’t really care what she thinks, but since she is involving other family members I know I cannot just ignore it.  I don’t know how to move forward right now.  I know why I’m the scapegoat.  But why is my sister flipping out over drugs anyway?  My bf pointed out that it was weird and that maybe she started using herself.  I think it might be a stretch, although it’s a possibility.  I want to protect myself and the relationships in my life though.  I am not sure what to do.  Please help.    TLDR; addict here - sister accusing me of stealing drugs from her.  I’m in suboxone clinic and wouldn’t even get high from them anyway.  Unsure how to move forward
8z7fk8,86,95,ADR,addiction,opiate,opiate,Drug Addiction I normally dont talk about this because I am shameful and guilty of my addiction, but, for the last 10 years or so I have been a functioning closet opiate addict. I hate it. I have tried to quit so many times and actually have for different periods of time....each time. As in, I have quit before but the longest period of time I was sober was for maybe 8 to 10 months....but even then I wasnt completely sober because I was smoking bud. Usually when I quit the anxiety ALWAYS seems to get to me and all these emotions come out that I guess I must have been suppressing. My mental state becomes to weird and hard for me to deal with that I always end up relapsing. Or something may happen that makes it hard for me to deal with so I relapse...  I self medicate from the street because I have no health insurance what so ever. Ive never done heroine or injected amything in my veins before. Pain killers are what got my by accident a long time ago but that is incredibly expensive on the street now-a-days and 10 a pop in my area...so ive been going through this tiring loop that is killing me softly especially emotionally. Which is paying for pain pills until I reach a point that is not only un-affordable, but my tolerance  builds and I can feel myself slipping. So ill purchase suboxone.  My intention is always the same. To get clean and stat clean. But it never fails. Ill take it for 5 days and try to stop, but my blood pressure rises through the roof and my anxiety comes back and my daily life duties become unbearable...And mind you that I keep thid from EVERYONE. I hid this attrocity. My family and loved ones know ive had problems and they have helped me while I go through the withdrawels but I never get financial help to get real help like medication or rehab help. I try so hard but I never really feel at ease for so long that I always end up relapsing...I really want to be free of this sickness. I hate it.
8z7fk8,1231,1240,ADR,tolerance,pain,pain,Drug Addiction I normally dont talk about this because I am shameful and guilty of my addiction, but, for the last 10 years or so I have been a functioning closet opiate addict. I hate it. I have tried to quit so many times and actually have for different periods of time....each time. As in, I have quit before but the longest period of time I was sober was for maybe 8 to 10 months....but even then I wasnt completely sober because I was smoking bud. Usually when I quit the anxiety ALWAYS seems to get to me and all these emotions come out that I guess I must have been suppressing. My mental state becomes to weird and hard for me to deal with that I always end up relapsing. Or something may happen that makes it hard for me to deal with so I relapse...  I self medicate from the street because I have no health insurance what so ever. Ive never done heroine or injected amything in my veins before. Pain killers are what got my by accident a long time ago but that is incredibly expensive on the street now-a-days and 10 a pop in my area...so ive been going through this tiring loop that is killing me softly especially emotionally. Which is paying for pain pills until I reach a point that is not only un-affordable, but my tolerance  builds and I can feel myself slipping. So ill purchase suboxone.  My intention is always the same. To get clean and stat clean. But it never fails. Ill take it for 5 days and try to stop, but my blood pressure rises through the roof and my anxiety comes back and my daily life duties become unbearable...And mind you that I keep thid from EVERYONE. I hid this attrocity. My family and loved ones know ive had problems and they have helped me while I go through the withdrawels but I never get financial help to get real help like medication or rehab help. I try so hard but I never really feel at ease for so long that I always end up relapsing...I really want to be free of this sickness. I hate it.
8z4b9v,293,303,ADR,withdrawal,suboxone,suboxone,15 days clean from heroin I’ve used opiates for 2 years daily, and Kratom 4x a day for a few years before that. I started IVing heroin about a year ago, maybe a bit longer, I’m not sure. It got bad. I was shooting maybe 20 times a day.  I’m on Suboxone and while I’m thankful for the physical withdrawal relief, it doesn’t touch my mental cravings. If I could’ve quit with just Kratom and no Suboxone, trust me, I would have. I tried many times.  But somehow I made it to 15 days. I know it sounds like nothing compared to other recovering people here, but my longest clean count before this was 8 days. I can’t believe I did this. I’m still thinking about heroin, but one day at a time.
8z3hfq,0,11,ADR,Withdrawals,suboxone,suboxone,Withdrawals from Serotonergic Properties of Kratom Yesterday was day 18 off of Suboxone. I had been using using high doses of kratom to curb the withdrawals (30-40 grams a day) but after a week I got so dehydrated I ended up in the ER. After that I quit taking it for a couple days and started feeling really off. Symptoms that seemed to be identical to when I quit taking Zoloft a while ago. Tightness in the chest, anxiety, headache, rocking motion with vertigo, nausea, looping thoughts, high heart rate. I started taking 10 grams a day and things got better but not a whole lot. After a while I figured it might just be lingering opiate withdrawals so I took 2mg of Suboxone last night and although some of the aches and restlessness got better the tightness in my chest, anxiety, and dizziness didn't. At first I thought these symptoms could have been from the calcium channel blocking properties of kratom which are similar to those of drugs like gabapentin or Lyrica, and since I'm tapering Valium it might have raised my tolerance to that. But anytime I take the Valium it does nothing to mitigate these symptoms. Anybody have experience with these symptoms and know if they're related to how kratom raises your serotonin? I've only been taking it for a little less than 3 weeks but those were some super high doses. The bummer is my opiate withdrawals have started to get much better and if I wasn't having these problems I would probably be feeling great by now. Thanks for any help.
8z3hfq,203,213,ADR,dehydrated,kratom,kratom,Withdrawals from Serotonergic Properties of Kratom Yesterday was day 18 off of Suboxone. I had been using using high doses of kratom to curb the withdrawals (30-40 grams a day) but after a week I got so dehydrated I ended up in the ER. After that I quit taking it for a couple days and started feeling really off. Symptoms that seemed to be identical to when I quit taking Zoloft a while ago. Tightness in the chest, anxiety, headache, rocking motion with vertigo, nausea, looping thoughts, high heart rate. I started taking 10 grams a day and things got better but not a whole lot. After a while I figured it might just be lingering opiate withdrawals so I took 2mg of Suboxone last night and although some of the aches and restlessness got better the tightness in my chest, anxiety, and dizziness didn't. At first I thought these symptoms could have been from the calcium channel blocking properties of kratom which are similar to those of drugs like gabapentin or Lyrica, and since I'm tapering Valium it might have raised my tolerance to that. But anytime I take the Valium it does nothing to mitigate these symptoms. Anybody have experience with these symptoms and know if they're related to how kratom raises your serotonin? I've only been taking it for a little less than 3 weeks but those were some super high doses. The bummer is my opiate withdrawals have started to get much better and if I wasn't having these problems I would probably be feeling great by now. Thanks for any help.
8z3hfq,417,424,ADR,anxiety,suboxone,suboxone,Withdrawals from Serotonergic Properties of Kratom Yesterday was day 18 off of Suboxone. I had been using using high doses of kratom to curb the withdrawals (30-40 grams a day) but after a week I got so dehydrated I ended up in the ER. After that I quit taking it for a couple days and started feeling really off. Symptoms that seemed to be identical to when I quit taking Zoloft a while ago. Tightness in the chest, anxiety, headache, rocking motion with vertigo, nausea, looping thoughts, high heart rate. I started taking 10 grams a day and things got better but not a whole lot. After a while I figured it might just be lingering opiate withdrawals so I took 2mg of Suboxone last night and although some of the aches and restlessness got better the tightness in my chest, anxiety, and dizziness didn't. At first I thought these symptoms could have been from the calcium channel blocking properties of kratom which are similar to those of drugs like gabapentin or Lyrica, and since I'm tapering Valium it might have raised my tolerance to that. But anytime I take the Valium it does nothing to mitigate these symptoms. Anybody have experience with these symptoms and know if they're related to how kratom raises your serotonin? I've only been taking it for a little less than 3 weeks but those were some super high doses. The bummer is my opiate withdrawals have started to get much better and if I wasn't having these problems I would probably be feeling great by now. Thanks for any help.
8z3hfq,426,435,ADR,headache,,suboxone,suboxone,Withdrawals from Serotonergic Properties of Kratom Yesterday was day 18 off of Suboxone. I had been using using high doses of kratom to curb the withdrawals (30-40 grams a day) but after a week I got so dehydrated I ended up in the ER. After that I quit taking it for a couple days and started feeling really off. Symptoms that seemed to be identical to when I quit taking Zoloft a while ago. Tightness in the chest, anxiety, headache, rocking motion with vertigo, nausea, looping thoughts, high heart rate. I started taking 10 grams a day and things got better but not a whole lot. After a while I figured it might just be lingering opiate withdrawals so I took 2mg of Suboxone last night and although some of the aches and restlessness got better the tightness in my chest, anxiety, and dizziness didn't. At first I thought these symptoms could have been from the calcium channel blocking properties of kratom which are similar to those of drugs like gabapentin or Lyrica, and since I'm tapering Valium it might have raised my tolerance to that. But anytime I take the Valium it does nothing to mitigate these symptoms. Anybody have experience with these symptoms and know if they're related to how kratom raises your serotonin? I've only been taking it for a little less than 3 weeks but those were some super high doses. The bummer is my opiate withdrawals have started to get much better and if I wasn't having these problems I would probably be feeling great by now. Thanks for any help.
8z3hfq,456,463,ADR,vertigo,suboxone,suboxone,Withdrawals from Serotonergic Properties of Kratom Yesterday was day 18 off of Suboxone. I had been using using high doses of kratom to curb the withdrawals (30-40 grams a day) but after a week I got so dehydrated I ended up in the ER. After that I quit taking it for a couple days and started feeling really off. Symptoms that seemed to be identical to when I quit taking Zoloft a while ago. Tightness in the chest, anxiety, headache, rocking motion with vertigo, nausea, looping thoughts, high heart rate. I started taking 10 grams a day and things got better but not a whole lot. After a while I figured it might just be lingering opiate withdrawals so I took 2mg of Suboxone last night and although some of the aches and restlessness got better the tightness in my chest, anxiety, and dizziness didn't. At first I thought these symptoms could have been from the calcium channel blocking properties of kratom which are similar to those of drugs like gabapentin or Lyrica, and since I'm tapering Valium it might have raised my tolerance to that. But anytime I take the Valium it does nothing to mitigate these symptoms. Anybody have experience with these symptoms and know if they're related to how kratom raises your serotonin? I've only been taking it for a little less than 3 weeks but those were some super high doses. The bummer is my opiate withdrawals have started to get much better and if I wasn't having these problems I would probably be feeling great by now. Thanks for any help.
8z3hfq,465,471,ADR,nausea,suboxone,suboxone,Withdrawals from Serotonergic Properties of Kratom Yesterday was day 18 off of Suboxone. I had been using using high doses of kratom to curb the withdrawals (30-40 grams a day) but after a week I got so dehydrated I ended up in the ER. After that I quit taking it for a couple days and started feeling really off. Symptoms that seemed to be identical to when I quit taking Zoloft a while ago. Tightness in the chest, anxiety, headache, rocking motion with vertigo, nausea, looping thoughts, high heart rate. I started taking 10 grams a day and things got better but not a whole lot. After a while I figured it might just be lingering opiate withdrawals so I took 2mg of Suboxone last night and although some of the aches and restlessness got better the tightness in my chest, anxiety, and dizziness didn't. At first I thought these symptoms could have been from the calcium channel blocking properties of kratom which are similar to those of drugs like gabapentin or Lyrica, and since I'm tapering Valium it might have raised my tolerance to that. But anytime I take the Valium it does nothing to mitigate these symptoms. Anybody have experience with these symptoms and know if they're related to how kratom raises your serotonin? I've only been taking it for a little less than 3 weeks but those were some super high doses. The bummer is my opiate withdrawals have started to get much better and if I wasn't having these problems I would probably be feeling great by now. Thanks for any help.
8z3hfq,491,506,ADR,high heart rate,suboxone,suboxone,Withdrawals from Serotonergic Properties of Kratom Yesterday was day 18 off of Suboxone. I had been using using high doses of kratom to curb the withdrawals (30-40 grams a day) but after a week I got so dehydrated I ended up in the ER. After that I quit taking it for a couple days and started feeling really off. Symptoms that seemed to be identical to when I quit taking Zoloft a while ago. Tightness in the chest, anxiety, headache, rocking motion with vertigo, nausea, looping thoughts, high heart rate. I started taking 10 grams a day and things got better but not a whole lot. After a while I figured it might just be lingering opiate withdrawals so I took 2mg of Suboxone last night and although some of the aches and restlessness got better the tightness in my chest, anxiety, and dizziness didn't. At first I thought these symptoms could have been from the calcium channel blocking properties of kratom which are similar to those of drugs like gabapentin or Lyrica, and since I'm tapering Valium it might have raised my tolerance to that. But anytime I take the Valium it does nothing to mitigate these symptoms. Anybody have experience with these symptoms and know if they're related to how kratom raises your serotonin? I've only been taking it for a little less than 3 weeks but those were some super high doses. The bummer is my opiate withdrawals have started to get much better and if I wasn't having these problems I would probably be feeling great by now. Thanks for any help.
8z3hfq,789,798,ADR,dizziness,suboxone,suboxone,Withdrawals from Serotonergic Properties of Kratom Yesterday was day 18 off of Suboxone. I had been using using high doses of kratom to curb the withdrawals (30-40 grams a day) but after a week I got so dehydrated I ended up in the ER. After that I quit taking it for a couple days and started feeling really off. Symptoms that seemed to be identical to when I quit taking Zoloft a while ago. Tightness in the chest, anxiety, headache, rocking motion with vertigo, nausea, looping thoughts, high heart rate. I started taking 10 grams a day and things got better but not a whole lot. After a while I figured it might just be lingering opiate withdrawals so I took 2mg of Suboxone last night and although some of the aches and restlessness got better the tightness in my chest, anxiety, and dizziness didn't. At first I thought these symptoms could have been from the calcium channel blocking properties of kratom which are similar to those of drugs like gabapentin or Lyrica, and since I'm tapering Valium it might have raised my tolerance to that. But anytime I take the Valium it does nothing to mitigate these symptoms. Anybody have experience with these symptoms and know if they're related to how kratom raises your serotonin? I've only been taking it for a little less than 3 weeks but those were some super high doses. The bummer is my opiate withdrawals have started to get much better and if I wasn't having these problems I would probably be feeling great by now. Thanks for any help.
8z3hfq,1029,1038,ADR,tolerance,Valium,Valium,Withdrawals from Serotonergic Properties of Kratom Yesterday was day 18 off of Suboxone. I had been using using high doses of kratom to curb the withdrawals (30-40 grams a day) but after a week I got so dehydrated I ended up in the ER. After that I quit taking it for a couple days and started feeling really off. Symptoms that seemed to be identical to when I quit taking Zoloft a while ago. Tightness in the chest, anxiety, headache, rocking motion with vertigo, nausea, looping thoughts, high heart rate. I started taking 10 grams a day and things got better but not a whole lot. After a while I figured it might just be lingering opiate withdrawals so I took 2mg of Suboxone last night and although some of the aches and restlessness got better the tightness in my chest, anxiety, and dizziness didn't. At first I thought these symptoms could have been from the calcium channel blocking properties of kratom which are similar to those of drugs like gabapentin or Lyrica, and since I'm tapering Valium it might have raised my tolerance to that. But anytime I take the Valium it does nothing to mitigate these symptoms. Anybody have experience with these symptoms and know if they're related to how kratom raises your serotonin? I've only been taking it for a little less than 3 weeks but those were some super high doses. The bummer is my opiate withdrawals have started to get much better and if I wasn't having these problems I would probably be feeling great by now. Thanks for any help.
8z2n1p,225,242,ADR,breathing shallow,suboxone,suboxone,how to keep an eye on my mother, who has gone from prescription pain killers (for post surgery pain), to heroin now that her scripts are out. I always try my best to keep her safe. Whenever i notice she is high (nodding out, breathing shallow, sometimes she falls asleep outside while smokin a cig lol) and ill stay with her, talk to her get her snacks/drinks and encourage her to sit down (because she has fallen a couple times when shes high alone). i keep an eye on her stash, and for the last month shes been on suboxone but im scared she's going to relapse soon, because her mood has been decreasing. she has no idea i know about her addiction.  one day i tried her dope, and its some weak shit. i know she gets from 2-3 different people, and at least one of them is cut with fent (i could tell by how short the high is, and how the high feels). im scared that one of her dealers is going to give her dope a little too pure one day, and that'll be it. i really dont know where to get noloxone around here, been looking for a week, might source some from the dnet if i dont find any in a couple days.
8z2n1p,639,648,ADR,addiction,suboxone,suboxone,how to keep an eye on my mother, who has gone from prescription pain killers (for post surgery pain), to heroin now that her scripts are out. I always try my best to keep her safe. Whenever i notice she is high (nodding out, breathing shallow, sometimes she falls asleep outside while smokin a cig lol) and ill stay with her, talk to her get her snacks/drinks and encourage her to sit down (because she has fallen a couple times when shes high alone). i keep an eye on her stash, and for the last month shes been on suboxone but im scared she's going to relapse soon, because her mood has been decreasing. she has no idea i know about her addiction.  one day i tried her dope, and its some weak shit. i know she gets from 2-3 different people, and at least one of them is cut with fent (i could tell by how short the high is, and how the high feels). im scared that one of her dealers is going to give her dope a little too pure one day, and that'll be it. i really dont know where to get noloxone around here, been looking for a week, might source some from the dnet if i dont find any in a couple days.
8z2ixo,34,43,ADR,addiction,suboxone,suboxone,Anyone ever recovered from opiate addiction and fell into a speed addiction shortly after? Due to my terrible mixture of Xanax and suboxone I spent all of febuary in the county jail and was given two options. 1. Six months in jail or 2. 2 months in a rehab center. Well anyone would have to be a moron to take the first option! Anyways, I’ve been out for a little over two months and have been using ice on and off ever since. Nothing out of control and not daily unless I’m binging of course. I can’t even imagine doing the drugs I used to now that I have found my new girl crystal. Just hoping that it doesn’t put me right back where I started!
8z2ixo,475,482,ADR,binging,suboxone,suboxone,Anyone ever recovered from opiate addiction and fell into a speed addiction shortly after? Due to my terrible mixture of Xanax and suboxone I spent all of febuary in the county jail and was given two options. 1. Six months in jail or 2. 2 months in a rehab center. Well anyone would have to be a moron to take the first option! Anyways, I’ve been out for a little over two months and have been using ice on and off ever since. Nothing out of control and not daily unless I’m binging of course. I can’t even imagine doing the drugs I used to now that I have found my new girl crystal. Just hoping that it doesn’t put me right back where I started!
8z1x64,534,542,ADR,headache,suboxone,suboxone,Relapse- Admitting I Feel Better Sober If anyone read I was 14 days clean off suboxone.  On the 15th day I took .5mg of suboxone for three days because I wanted a buzz.  That then led to being clean four days, but picking up some percs.  I took percs for three days.  Here I am day 1 again- no suboxone needed this time just quitting and I literally feel better sober.  My brain always tells me I feel better high, but that’s just not the case anymore.  I’ve used for too long that it takes so much to get a buzz I end up sick with a headache.  In any event I am still attending meetings and going on as usual.  I just have to remember my brain is going to lie to me every time!  Sober is better no matter what.!!!
8z078q,103,110,ADR,numbing,suboxone,suboxone,Numb nostril from snorting So I just got a few bags and I am noticing that after snorting I can feel a numbing effect from whatever cut is in it.  Has this happened to anyone else?  Should I be concerned?  I have been doing heroin for over 10 years, I recently took a bit of a break and was doing a bit of a using weekend.  I am normally on suboxone, in all other ways it is working as advertised, I just have a partially numb nostril and my throat felt a bit numb from the cut.  Has this happened to anyone else getting powder on the east coast?
8z04nh,307,321,ADR,kidney abscess,suboxone,suboxone,What happens in an emergency situation when pain meds are NEEDED but I'm on 24mg of Suboxone each day? Yesterday (Saturday afternoon) my primary Dr. referred me to an emergency room for a CT Scan &amp; emergency pain management (if needed &amp; **IS** needed). The ultrasound he did indicates that I have a kidney abscess, a kidney stone, ***and*** a broken rib.  I'm on Suboxone for pain management **only** and **not** for any addiction reasons. It saved my life when I started taking it in March of this year after 8+ years of Percocet (60mg/day). My pain is usually under control but I'm in SO MUCH PAIN right now! ***OMFG!!*** Here are my urgent questions:  **1)** How long must I wait before the emergency room can give me IV pain meds?  **2)** Should I even ***tell*** the emergency room at all?  ***I'm in so much pain right now and I'm headed to the ER tonight but I need to know what to do to get relief. :-(***
8z04nh,325,337,ADR,kidney stone,suboxone,suboxone,What happens in an emergency situation when pain meds are NEEDED but I'm on 24mg of Suboxone each day? Yesterday (Saturday afternoon) my primary Dr. referred me to an emergency room for a CT Scan &amp; emergency pain management (if needed &amp; **IS** needed). The ultrasound he did indicates that I have a kidney abscess, a kidney stone, ***and*** a broken rib.  I'm on Suboxone for pain management **only** and **not** for any addiction reasons. It saved my life when I started taking it in March of this year after 8+ years of Percocet (60mg/day). My pain is usually under control but I'm in SO MUCH PAIN right now! ***OMFG!!*** Here are my urgent questions:  **1)** How long must I wait before the emergency room can give me IV pain meds?  **2)** Should I even ***tell*** the emergency room at all?  ***I'm in so much pain right now and I'm headed to the ER tonight but I need to know what to do to get relief. :-(***
8z04nh,429,438,ADR,addiction,suboxone,suboxone,What happens in an emergency situation when pain meds are NEEDED but I'm on 24mg of Suboxone each day? Yesterday (Saturday afternoon) my primary Dr. referred me to an emergency room for a CT Scan &amp; emergency pain management (if needed &amp; **IS** needed). The ultrasound he did indicates that I have a kidney abscess, a kidney stone, ***and*** a broken rib.  I'm on Suboxone for pain management **only** and **not** for any addiction reasons. It saved my life when I started taking it in March of this year after 8+ years of Percocet (60mg/day). My pain is usually under control but I'm in SO MUCH PAIN right now! ***OMFG!!*** Here are my urgent questions:  **1)** How long must I wait before the emergency room can give me IV pain meds?  **2)** Should I even ***tell*** the emergency room at all?  ***I'm in so much pain right now and I'm headed to the ER tonight but I need to know what to do to get relief. :-(***
8yxyu4,314,325,ADR,withdrawals,suboxone,suboxone,Looking past the stigma, Methadone has saved my life! Along time ago I was a very successful chipper of Heroin.  I managed that well for a very long time by microdosing shots.  Doing it this way, I temporarily succeeded in getting away with having my cake and eating it for a very long time.  Staving off physical withdrawals during my off-periods was easily done by using Kratom.  Because of this routine, I fell into the Hubris trap thinking that I thwarted physical dependence, thinking I was being smarter than your average user.  And for the most part this was true as you see, for most of my time using, There was no problem with consistently scoring close to pure quality grade Heroin.    It all change at some point when I had to switch sources, resulting in getting Fentanyl cuts.  Yeah, you know where this goes...  At that point Kratom couldnt make any of my symptoms go away.  The two worst physical symptoms I feared the most was feeling physical asphyxiation - like something was sitting on top of my chest and the sharp acute pain inside my head - as if something was scraping the insides of my skull.  I was no longer able to sleep off the physical withdrawals, and at that point I was able to finally empathize with those who opened the pandora's box to reveal the real demons.  I knew I ended up with more than I bargained for.  At this point, I was desperate.  I tried almost all solutions I could find almost to no avail.  For a while, I tried suboxone and I was able to taper down to .25mg but even then I wasnt fooling no one let alone myself.  I still had cravings and I never felt normal it.  It seemed like I would forever be stuck forever in a perpetual loop of opiod craving and use.   ---------------------------------------------------------------   That is until a few months ago when I got on Methadone and man, what a world of difference it felt being in treatment with it.  I never knew what despair and hopelessness felt like until I felt trapped into a heroin/fentanyl addiction.  With Methadone on the other hand, I could finally see some glimmer of hope and take recovery, treatment and stability seriously.    I took my time with slowly titrating to the dose that I am at now (100mg) and I am comfortable where I am at and Im not looking back.  I know I will probably have another year or two to go before I see progress but to no longer be enslaved by physical dependence is something I do not take for granted.  If there is anyone reading this who's on the fence with seeking treatment for their addiction, this message is especially for you guys.  It's a wise thing to weigh your options but don't fall into the herd mentality and not seek treatment due to Stigma.    Being on Methadone saved my life and I have no regrets treating myself with it.  There truly is hope!  Thanks everyone who took the time to read this.  Wish you all well on your journey with recovery!
8yxyu4,960,972,ADR,asphyxiation,suboxone,suboxone,Looking past the stigma, Methadone has saved my life! Along time ago I was a very successful chipper of Heroin.  I managed that well for a very long time by microdosing shots.  Doing it this way, I temporarily succeeded in getting away with having my cake and eating it for a very long time.  Staving off physical withdrawals during my off-periods was easily done by using Kratom.  Because of this routine, I fell into the Hubris trap thinking that I thwarted physical dependence, thinking I was being smarter than your average user.  And for the most part this was true as you see, for most of my time using, There was no problem with consistently scoring close to pure quality grade Heroin.    It all change at some point when I had to switch sources, resulting in getting Fentanyl cuts.  Yeah, you know where this goes...  At that point Kratom couldnt make any of my symptoms go away.  The two worst physical symptoms I feared the most was feeling physical asphyxiation - like something was sitting on top of my chest and the sharp acute pain inside my head - as if something was scraping the insides of my skull.  I was no longer able to sleep off the physical withdrawals, and at that point I was able to finally empathize with those who opened the pandora's box to reveal the real demons.  I knew I ended up with more than I bargained for.  At this point, I was desperate.  I tried almost all solutions I could find almost to no avail.  For a while, I tried suboxone and I was able to taper down to .25mg but even then I wasnt fooling no one let alone myself.  I still had cravings and I never felt normal it.  It seemed like I would forever be stuck forever in a perpetual loop of opiod craving and use.   ---------------------------------------------------------------   That is until a few months ago when I got on Methadone and man, what a world of difference it felt being in treatment with it.  I never knew what despair and hopelessness felt like until I felt trapped into a heroin/fentanyl addiction.  With Methadone on the other hand, I could finally see some glimmer of hope and take recovery, treatment and stability seriously.    I took my time with slowly titrating to the dose that I am at now (100mg) and I am comfortable where I am at and Im not looking back.  I know I will probably have another year or two to go before I see progress but to no longer be enslaved by physical dependence is something I do not take for granted.  If there is anyone reading this who's on the fence with seeking treatment for their addiction, this message is especially for you guys.  It's a wise thing to weigh your options but don't fall into the herd mentality and not seek treatment due to Stigma.    Being on Methadone saved my life and I have no regrets treating myself with it.  There truly is hope!  Thanks everyone who took the time to read this.  Wish you all well on your journey with recovery!
8yxyu4,1579,1587,ADR,cravings,suboxone,suboxone,Looking past the stigma, Methadone has saved my life! Along time ago I was a very successful chipper of Heroin.  I managed that well for a very long time by microdosing shots.  Doing it this way, I temporarily succeeded in getting away with having my cake and eating it for a very long time.  Staving off physical withdrawals during my off-periods was easily done by using Kratom.  Because of this routine, I fell into the Hubris trap thinking that I thwarted physical dependence, thinking I was being smarter than your average user.  And for the most part this was true as you see, for most of my time using, There was no problem with consistently scoring close to pure quality grade Heroin.    It all change at some point when I had to switch sources, resulting in getting Fentanyl cuts.  Yeah, you know where this goes...  At that point Kratom couldnt make any of my symptoms go away.  The two worst physical symptoms I feared the most was feeling physical asphyxiation - like something was sitting on top of my chest and the sharp acute pain inside my head - as if something was scraping the insides of my skull.  I was no longer able to sleep off the physical withdrawals, and at that point I was able to finally empathize with those who opened the pandora's box to reveal the real demons.  I knew I ended up with more than I bargained for.  At this point, I was desperate.  I tried almost all solutions I could find almost to no avail.  For a while, I tried suboxone and I was able to taper down to .25mg but even then I wasnt fooling no one let alone myself.  I still had cravings and I never felt normal it.  It seemed like I would forever be stuck forever in a perpetual loop of opiod craving and use.   ---------------------------------------------------------------   That is until a few months ago when I got on Methadone and man, what a world of difference it felt being in treatment with it.  I never knew what despair and hopelessness felt like until I felt trapped into a heroin/fentanyl addiction.  With Methadone on the other hand, I could finally see some glimmer of hope and take recovery, treatment and stability seriously.    I took my time with slowly titrating to the dose that I am at now (100mg) and I am comfortable where I am at and Im not looking back.  I know I will probably have another year or two to go before I see progress but to no longer be enslaved by physical dependence is something I do not take for granted.  If there is anyone reading this who's on the fence with seeking treatment for their addiction, this message is especially for you guys.  It's a wise thing to weigh your options but don't fall into the herd mentality and not seek treatment due to Stigma.    Being on Methadone saved my life and I have no regrets treating myself with it.  There truly is hope!  Thanks everyone who took the time to read this.  Wish you all well on your journey with recovery!
8yxyu4,2004,2013,ADR,addiction,suboxone,suboxone,Looking past the stigma, Methadone has saved my life! Along time ago I was a very successful chipper of Heroin.  I managed that well for a very long time by microdosing shots.  Doing it this way, I temporarily succeeded in getting away with having my cake and eating it for a very long time.  Staving off physical withdrawals during my off-periods was easily done by using Kratom.  Because of this routine, I fell into the Hubris trap thinking that I thwarted physical dependence, thinking I was being smarter than your average user.  And for the most part this was true as you see, for most of my time using, There was no problem with consistently scoring close to pure quality grade Heroin.    It all change at some point when I had to switch sources, resulting in getting Fentanyl cuts.  Yeah, you know where this goes...  At that point Kratom couldnt make any of my symptoms go away.  The two worst physical symptoms I feared the most was feeling physical asphyxiation - like something was sitting on top of my chest and the sharp acute pain inside my head - as if something was scraping the insides of my skull.  I was no longer able to sleep off the physical withdrawals, and at that point I was able to finally empathize with those who opened the pandora's box to reveal the real demons.  I knew I ended up with more than I bargained for.  At this point, I was desperate.  I tried almost all solutions I could find almost to no avail.  For a while, I tried suboxone and I was able to taper down to .25mg but even then I wasnt fooling no one let alone myself.  I still had cravings and I never felt normal it.  It seemed like I would forever be stuck forever in a perpetual loop of opiod craving and use.   ---------------------------------------------------------------   That is until a few months ago when I got on Methadone and man, what a world of difference it felt being in treatment with it.  I never knew what despair and hopelessness felt like until I felt trapped into a heroin/fentanyl addiction.  With Methadone on the other hand, I could finally see some glimmer of hope and take recovery, treatment and stability seriously.    I took my time with slowly titrating to the dose that I am at now (100mg) and I am comfortable where I am at and Im not looking back.  I know I will probably have another year or two to go before I see progress but to no longer be enslaved by physical dependence is something I do not take for granted.  If there is anyone reading this who's on the fence with seeking treatment for their addiction, this message is especially for you guys.  It's a wise thing to weigh your options but don't fall into the herd mentality and not seek treatment due to Stigma.    Being on Methadone saved my life and I have no regrets treating myself with it.  There truly is hope!  Thanks everyone who took the time to read this.  Wish you all well on your journey with recovery!
8yxyu4,469,479,ADR,dependence,suboxone,suboxone,Looking past the stigma, Methadone has saved my life! Along time ago I was a very successful chipper of Heroin.  I managed that well for a very long time by microdosing shots.  Doing it this way, I temporarily succeeded in getting away with having my cake and eating it for a very long time.  Staving off physical withdrawals during my off-periods was easily done by using Kratom.  Because of this routine, I fell into the Hubris trap thinking that I thwarted physical dependence, thinking I was being smarter than your average user.  And for the most part this was true as you see, for most of my time using, There was no problem with consistently scoring close to pure quality grade Heroin.    It all change at some point when I had to switch sources, resulting in getting Fentanyl cuts.  Yeah, you know where this goes...  At that point Kratom couldnt make any of my symptoms go away.  The two worst physical symptoms I feared the most was feeling physical asphyxiation - like something was sitting on top of my chest and the sharp acute pain inside my head - as if something was scraping the insides of my skull.  I was no longer able to sleep off the physical withdrawals, and at that point I was able to finally empathize with those who opened the pandora's box to reveal the real demons.  I knew I ended up with more than I bargained for.  At this point, I was desperate.  I tried almost all solutions I could find almost to no avail.  For a while, I tried suboxone and I was able to taper down to .25mg but even then I wasnt fooling no one let alone myself.  I still had cravings and I never felt normal it.  It seemed like I would forever be stuck forever in a perpetual loop of opiod craving and use.   ---------------------------------------------------------------   That is until a few months ago when I got on Methadone and man, what a world of difference it felt being in treatment with it.  I never knew what despair and hopelessness felt like until I felt trapped into a heroin/fentanyl addiction.  With Methadone on the other hand, I could finally see some glimmer of hope and take recovery, treatment and stability seriously.    I took my time with slowly titrating to the dose that I am at now (100mg) and I am comfortable where I am at and Im not looking back.  I know I will probably have another year or two to go before I see progress but to no longer be enslaved by physical dependence is something I do not take for granted.  If there is anyone reading this who's on the fence with seeking treatment for their addiction, this message is especially for you guys.  It's a wise thing to weigh your options but don't fall into the herd mentality and not seek treatment due to Stigma.    Being on Methadone saved my life and I have no regrets treating myself with it.  There truly is hope!  Thanks everyone who took the time to read this.  Wish you all well on your journey with recovery!
8yxvk2,238,241,ADR,RLS,suboxone,suboxone,Day 3 almost to an end... confused.. Well guys as of 7pm on 07/12/18 I took my last piece of suboxone, about 1mg.. so here I am on Day 3 about to be 72 hours and things are... not particularly bad.  I'm really confused. I've had a bit of RLS but nothing horrible. I've taken lots of potassium/magnesium (for leg pain) kava root/melatonin (for sleep/mood), B12 and B complex (for I have no idea what, it was recommended to me, lol) and that's it.. today I've had a headache all day but I have yet to have to go to he bathroom... I would have thought by now it would have been like that scene from Chappelle Show "Good lawd it's mud butt!!!" But nothing. I keep waiting for the bomb to drop and wake up feeling lost, achey, and having to run to the bathroom..  I honestly don't feel like I tapered down well enough but maybe I did?? Has anyone experienced this before? I'm not complaining or bragging, I still have lots of anxiety about this. My emotions are mostly up with an occasional thought like "A Sub would definitely make me feel normal" but it vanishes pretty quickly. When I tried quitting Oxy all I kept thinking was "Man I am really going to miss that high"  Hope you all are doing well tonight and hope someone can let me know if I'm maybe sort of out of the woods. Best of luck to everyone.
8yxvk2,464,472,ADR,headache,suboxone,suboxone,Day 3 almost to an end... confused.. Well guys as of 7pm on 07/12/18 I took my last piece of suboxone, about 1mg.. so here I am on Day 3 about to be 72 hours and things are... not particularly bad.  I'm really confused. I've had a bit of RLS but nothing horrible. I've taken lots of potassium/magnesium (for leg pain) kava root/melatonin (for sleep/mood), B12 and B complex (for I have no idea what, it was recommended to me, lol) and that's it.. today I've had a headache all day but I have yet to have to go to he bathroom... I would have thought by now it would have been like that scene from Chappelle Show "Good lawd it's mud butt!!!" But nothing. I keep waiting for the bomb to drop and wake up feeling lost, achey, and having to run to the bathroom..  I honestly don't feel like I tapered down well enough but maybe I did?? Has anyone experienced this before? I'm not complaining or bragging, I still have lots of anxiety about this. My emotions are mostly up with an occasional thought like "A Sub would definitely make me feel normal" but it vanishes pretty quickly. When I tried quitting Oxy all I kept thinking was "Man I am really going to miss that high"  Hope you all are doing well tonight and hope someone can let me know if I'm maybe sort of out of the woods. Best of luck to everyone.
8yw0bv,323,334,ADR,withdrawals,suboxone,suboxone,Long time sub user Hello everyone!  I just found this sub, and I’m glad I did.  I’ve been riding steady at 4 to 8 mg per day for over ten years!!  TEN YEARS!!  Suboxone saved my life, truly.  Ive built so much while on subs.  I’m really wanting to taper, but I’m mentally stuck.  I know there are ways to do it with little withdrawals, but the thought is still terrifying.  I really just wanted to say hi and hear about other people who’ve been on it for a long time like me.  I’m afraid that I’ve been on it too long to come off easily.
8yvyf1,21,29,ADR,addicted,suboxone,suboxone,Story time I’ve been addicted to anything opiate related since I was 17. Got a script for pain, back in the day they were really liberal with pain meds. By month 3 I was on 15mg percs 3x a day. And I kept taking them even when I wasn’t in pain anymore. Two years later I went to rehab, then sober living, felt amazing and was back to normal.   Went to school to be a medic, things were going great, had a job I loved, great friends and nothing to complain about. Then I broke my arm training and started the cycle of addiction all over again.  Couldn’t function sick so I left my job I loved. A couple years later got on methadone. CT’D 150mg habit because hurricanes don’t give a fuck if you need methadone. I wanted to die. Got off the done, was normal again.   Then someone offering me Vicodin to help with a broken rib turned into me chasing pain pills again. I should have just CT’d. But most addicts look for an easy way out. And suboxone docs don’t really give af, they’ll give anyone subs for a price. Basically I ended up with a legal dealer. Subs didn’t help, I turned into a zombie. All I wanted to do was eat subs and sleep.   One day I woke up and didn’t like who I was. So I flushed my script, got some comfort meds and rode out the storm for 3 weeks. I was embracing the suck. Until someone “helpful” told me about kratom and how it takes away wds, is non addictive and is as easy as coffee to give up. I couldn’t drink that first tea fast enough. The relief was amazing. I loved life again.   Well fast forward 6months and 30gpd later, the honeymoon was over. I was an empty shell of a human. Anxiety and depression wrecked me. Every.single.day.  I do what I know best and said “fuck it” found out this forum and jumped.   It hasn’t been easy, but not impossible either. Day 17 and things are looking up. Getting my dream dog next week, work is busy which help makes the days go by. I take my supplements religiously in fear of paws anxiety or depression. But I felt so emotionally wrecked on kratom anything paws has in store has to be better than how I was living. This r/sub has helped me so much. I’m one of the people for the first week , I kept checking the thread to read stories that coincided with the day i was on. Im hopeful I’ve learned that nothing is worth the amount of pain I’ve put myself thru. And that opiates aren’t fun anymore, at this point it’s just sad.  I look forward to being healthy and normal, but also fear it. Because thats when I fuck up. Always.
8yvyf1,1609,1615,ADR,Anxiet,suboxone,suboxone,Story time I’ve been addicted to anything opiate related since I was 17. Got a script for pain, back in the day they were really liberal with pain meds. By month 3 I was on 15mg percs 3x a day. And I kept taking them even when I wasn’t in pain anymore. Two years later I went to rehab, then sober living, felt amazing and was back to normal.   Went to school to be a medic, things were going great, had a job I loved, great friends and nothing to complain about. Then I broke my arm training and started the cycle of addiction all over again.  Couldn’t function sick so I left my job I loved. A couple years later got on methadone. CT’D 150mg habit because hurricanes don’t give a fuck if you need methadone. I wanted to die. Got off the done, was normal again.   Then someone offering me Vicodin to help with a broken rib turned into me chasing pain pills again. I should have just CT’d. But most addicts look for an easy way out. And suboxone docs don’t really give af, they’ll give anyone subs for a price. Basically I ended up with a legal dealer. Subs didn’t help, I turned into a zombie. All I wanted to do was eat subs and sleep.   One day I woke up and didn’t like who I was. So I flushed my script, got some comfort meds and rode out the storm for 3 weeks. I was embracing the suck. Until someone “helpful” told me about kratom and how it takes away wds, is non addictive and is as easy as coffee to give up. I couldn’t drink that first tea fast enough. The relief was amazing. I loved life again.   Well fast forward 6months and 30gpd later, the honeymoon was over. I was an empty shell of a human. Anxiety and depression wrecked me. Every.single.day.  I do what I know best and said “fuck it” found out this forum and jumped.   It hasn’t been easy, but not impossible either. Day 17 and things are looking up. Getting my dream dog next week, work is busy which help makes the days go by. I take my supplements religiously in fear of paws anxiety or depression. But I felt so emotionally wrecked on kratom anything paws has in store has to be better than how I was living. This r/sub has helped me so much. I’m one of the people for the first week , I kept checking the thread to read stories that coincided with the day i was on. Im hopeful I’ve learned that nothing is worth the amount of pain I’ve put myself thru. And that opiates aren’t fun anymore, at this point it’s just sad.  I look forward to being healthy and normal, but also fear it. Because thats when I fuck up. Always.
8yvyf1,1621,1631,ADR,depression,suboxone,suboxone,Story time I’ve been addicted to anything opiate related since I was 17. Got a script for pain, back in the day they were really liberal with pain meds. By month 3 I was on 15mg percs 3x a day. And I kept taking them even when I wasn’t in pain anymore. Two years later I went to rehab, then sober living, felt amazing and was back to normal.   Went to school to be a medic, things were going great, had a job I loved, great friends and nothing to complain about. Then I broke my arm training and started the cycle of addiction all over again.  Couldn’t function sick so I left my job I loved. A couple years later got on methadone. CT’D 150mg habit because hurricanes don’t give a fuck if you need methadone. I wanted to die. Got off the done, was normal again.   Then someone offering me Vicodin to help with a broken rib turned into me chasing pain pills again. I should have just CT’d. But most addicts look for an easy way out. And suboxone docs don’t really give af, they’ll give anyone subs for a price. Basically I ended up with a legal dealer. Subs didn’t help, I turned into a zombie. All I wanted to do was eat subs and sleep.   One day I woke up and didn’t like who I was. So I flushed my script, got some comfort meds and rode out the storm for 3 weeks. I was embracing the suck. Until someone “helpful” told me about kratom and how it takes away wds, is non addictive and is as easy as coffee to give up. I couldn’t drink that first tea fast enough. The relief was amazing. I loved life again.   Well fast forward 6months and 30gpd later, the honeymoon was over. I was an empty shell of a human. Anxiety and depression wrecked me. Every.single.day.  I do what I know best and said “fuck it” found out this forum and jumped.   It hasn’t been easy, but not impossible either. Day 17 and things are looking up. Getting my dream dog next week, work is busy which help makes the days go by. I take my supplements religiously in fear of paws anxiety or depression. But I felt so emotionally wrecked on kratom anything paws has in store has to be better than how I was living. This r/sub has helped me so much. I’m one of the people for the first week , I kept checking the thread to read stories that coincided with the day i was on. Im hopeful I’ve learned that nothing is worth the amount of pain I’ve put myself thru. And that opiates aren’t fun anymore, at this point it’s just sad.  I look forward to being healthy and normal, but also fear it. Because thats when I fuck up. Always.
8yvbw8,37,47,ADR,withdrawal,suboxone,suboxone,Help me utilize my meds for Suboxone withdrawal. Thanks in advance guys anyone reading this with knowledge please give your input.      I am 22 been addicted heavily since 17. I have been prescribed Suboxone/Subutex on and off since I was 18. I am very aware of how it works and effects the mind/body. I’ve withdrawn from opiates many times and Suboxone is the worst by far. I usually (IV) 2mg-6mg a day.      In my possession now I have 4 1/4 Suboxone tablets (hard to dose) , 120x 800mg Gabapentin, 30x Tramadol 50mg.      I sell drugs, allegedly, to support myself even when I’m clean. I am no longer taking that risk even if it means I’m broke. I am trying to get into see the Psych so I can get Klonopin since I have PTSD and Anxiety, but we all know how that goes.      I have access to Suboxone, but the price where  I live is outrageous. I can get 6-8 Xanax or Hydrocodone for the price of one sub. I feel like my money would be better spent getting that. I can take benzos without abuse even at low doses.      Would a stash of Xanax be better than buying another sub? Could I use Hydrocodone to poteniate the tramadol for when I come off? All advice is welcome.      I know shooting subs is terrible behavior and I know taking Hydrocodone to get off Suboxone sounds taboo, but I’ve done it in the past with success. Thanks bros.
8yvbw8,149,157,ADR,addicted,suboxone,suboxone,Help me utilize my meds for Suboxone withdrawal. Thanks in advance guys anyone reading this with knowledge please give your input.      I am 22 been addicted heavily since 17. I have been prescribed Suboxone/Subutex on and off since I was 18. I am very aware of how it works and effects the mind/body. I’ve withdrawn from opiates many times and Suboxone is the worst by far. I usually (IV) 2mg-6mg a day.      In my possession now I have 4 1/4 Suboxone tablets (hard to dose) , 120x 800mg Gabapentin, 30x Tramadol 50mg.      I sell drugs, allegedly, to support myself even when I’m clean. I am no longer taking that risk even if it means I’m broke. I am trying to get into see the Psych so I can get Klonopin since I have PTSD and Anxiety, but we all know how that goes.      I have access to Suboxone, but the price where  I live is outrageous. I can get 6-8 Xanax or Hydrocodone for the price of one sub. I feel like my money would be better spent getting that. I can take benzos without abuse even at low doses.      Would a stash of Xanax be better than buying another sub? Could I use Hydrocodone to poteniate the tramadol for when I come off? All advice is welcome.      I know shooting subs is terrible behavior and I know taking Hydrocodone to get off Suboxone sounds taboo, but I’ve done it in the past with success. Thanks bros.
8yvbw8,990,995,ADR,abuse,suboxone,suboxone,Help me utilize my meds for Suboxone withdrawal. Thanks in advance guys anyone reading this with knowledge please give your input.      I am 22 been addicted heavily since 17. I have been prescribed Suboxone/Subutex on and off since I was 18. I am very aware of how it works and effects the mind/body. I’ve withdrawn from opiates many times and Suboxone is the worst by far. I usually (IV) 2mg-6mg a day.      In my possession now I have 4 1/4 Suboxone tablets (hard to dose) , 120x 800mg Gabapentin, 30x Tramadol 50mg.      I sell drugs, allegedly, to support myself even when I’m clean. I am no longer taking that risk even if it means I’m broke. I am trying to get into see the Psych so I can get Klonopin since I have PTSD and Anxiety, but we all know how that goes.      I have access to Suboxone, but the price where  I live is outrageous. I can get 6-8 Xanax or Hydrocodone for the price of one sub. I feel like my money would be better spent getting that. I can take benzos without abuse even at low doses.      Would a stash of Xanax be better than buying another sub? Could I use Hydrocodone to poteniate the tramadol for when I come off? All advice is welcome.      I know shooting subs is terrible behavior and I know taking Hydrocodone to get off Suboxone sounds taboo, but I’ve done it in the past with success. Thanks bros.
8yqm2y,324,335,ADR,withdrawals,suboxone,suboxone,Moving Sucks - rant / advice. Leaving a great dope city (NY) where I get amazing dope and the best, friend -slash- dealer that I've known for 8 years to now Texas, this city is named "H-town" but its definitely not for "H"eroin. Just did my last shot and I don't know what to do. Kick? maybe that is the best option but the withdrawals which I luckily haven't felt for months (thanks to the aforementioned amazing dealer, dope and supply of money) is scaring me. I can't taper, no comfort meds. Never tried methadone (is this even an option where I am?). I have done suboxone before unsuccessfully and I didn't like it, I fiend for H worse on subs than off. Kratom might be something I could try for WDs.   Moving sucks, especially when everyone is happy you have to fake being happy too while desperately trying to stay sane and not go crazy. Oh did I mention the 2 day long journey (with overnight breaks?) 😓  At least there might be one good thing if the "Rat Park" experiment was true than the change of scene and getting myself to go out and do things will help me not feel so terrible.   Thanks if you read my rant, r/opiates is a great sub, learned a lot from you guys pretty sure this is my first post but I have been lurking here for close to 4 years.
8yqk75,28,37,ADR,withdraws,suboxone,suboxone,Legal ways to deal with the withdraws? My brother has been clean of heroin for over nine months, thanks in part to suboxone. He had it stolen yesterday and withdraw symptoms are starting. It's a good 10 hours before we can get him more. Any suggestions for helping him to deal with the withdraws?
8yqh1o,133,144,ADR,withdrawals,suboxone,suboxone,Weird Symptoms After Using Kratom to Quit Suboxone Today is day 17 off of Suboxone after taking it for 10 long ass years. The opiate withdrawals are definitely subsiding which is beyond killer. I used kratom to get through the worst of it during the first two weeks, about 25-30 grams a day. This week I've drastically cut down on the kratom to more like 10 grams daily. The past couple days I've been getting horrible anxiety accompanied by a few other symptoms, and a tightness in my chest that won't go away. The left side of my face is super numb too. I should add I'm tapering off of Valium but holding my dose right now. I know the post acute phase can rough mentally but this feels a lot different than other times I've kicked opiates, and it almost feels like benzo withdrawal. Derealization, impaired thinking, paranoia, looping thoughts, tinnitus. Can stopping kratom cause this? I've heard from a few sources that it can act as a calcium channel blocker which is how gabapentin works, and would amp up your CNS and give you benzo type withdrawals. I've also heard that the serotonin effects can cause benzo like symptoms.
8yqh1o,419,426,ADR,anxiety,suboxone,suboxone,Weird Symptoms After Using Kratom to Quit Suboxone Today is day 17 off of Suboxone after taking it for 10 long ass years. The opiate withdrawals are definitely subsiding which is beyond killer. I used kratom to get through the worst of it during the first two weeks, about 25-30 grams a day. This week I've drastically cut down on the kratom to more like 10 grams daily. The past couple days I've been getting horrible anxiety accompanied by a few other symptoms, and a tightness in my chest that won't go away. The left side of my face is super numb too. I should add I'm tapering off of Valium but holding my dose right now. I know the post acute phase can rough mentally but this feels a lot different than other times I've kicked opiates, and it almost feels like benzo withdrawal. Derealization, impaired thinking, paranoia, looping thoughts, tinnitus. Can stopping kratom cause this? I've heard from a few sources that it can act as a calcium channel blocker which is how gabapentin works, and would amp up your CNS and give you benzo type withdrawals. I've also heard that the serotonin effects can cause benzo like symptoms.
8yqh1o,546,550,ADR,numb,suboxone,suboxone,Weird Symptoms After Using Kratom to Quit Suboxone Today is day 17 off of Suboxone after taking it for 10 long ass years. The opiate withdrawals are definitely subsiding which is beyond killer. I used kratom to get through the worst of it during the first two weeks, about 25-30 grams a day. This week I've drastically cut down on the kratom to more like 10 grams daily. The past couple days I've been getting horrible anxiety accompanied by a few other symptoms, and a tightness in my chest that won't go away. The left side of my face is super numb too. I should add I'm tapering off of Valium but holding my dose right now. I know the post acute phase can rough mentally but this feels a lot different than other times I've kicked opiates, and it almost feels like benzo withdrawal. Derealization, impaired thinking, paranoia, looping thoughts, tinnitus. Can stopping kratom cause this? I've heard from a few sources that it can act as a calcium channel blocker which is how gabapentin works, and would amp up your CNS and give you benzo type withdrawals. I've also heard that the serotonin effects can cause benzo like symptoms.
8yqh1o,786,799,ADR,Derealization,suboxone,suboxone,Weird Symptoms After Using Kratom to Quit Suboxone Today is day 17 off of Suboxone after taking it for 10 long ass years. The opiate withdrawals are definitely subsiding which is beyond killer. I used kratom to get through the worst of it during the first two weeks, about 25-30 grams a day. This week I've drastically cut down on the kratom to more like 10 grams daily. The past couple days I've been getting horrible anxiety accompanied by a few other symptoms, and a tightness in my chest that won't go away. The left side of my face is super numb too. I should add I'm tapering off of Valium but holding my dose right now. I know the post acute phase can rough mentally but this feels a lot different than other times I've kicked opiates, and it almost feels like benzo withdrawal. Derealization, impaired thinking, paranoia, looping thoughts, tinnitus. Can stopping kratom cause this? I've heard from a few sources that it can act as a calcium channel blocker which is how gabapentin works, and would amp up your CNS and give you benzo type withdrawals. I've also heard that the serotonin effects can cause benzo like symptoms.
8yqh1o,801,818,ADR,impaired thinking,suboxone,suboxone,Weird Symptoms After Using Kratom to Quit Suboxone Today is day 17 off of Suboxone after taking it for 10 long ass years. The opiate withdrawals are definitely subsiding which is beyond killer. I used kratom to get through the worst of it during the first two weeks, about 25-30 grams a day. This week I've drastically cut down on the kratom to more like 10 grams daily. The past couple days I've been getting horrible anxiety accompanied by a few other symptoms, and a tightness in my chest that won't go away. The left side of my face is super numb too. I should add I'm tapering off of Valium but holding my dose right now. I know the post acute phase can rough mentally but this feels a lot different than other times I've kicked opiates, and it almost feels like benzo withdrawal. Derealization, impaired thinking, paranoia, looping thoughts, tinnitus. Can stopping kratom cause this? I've heard from a few sources that it can act as a calcium channel blocker which is how gabapentin works, and would amp up your CNS and give you benzo type withdrawals. I've also heard that the serotonin effects can cause benzo like symptoms.
8yqh1o,820,828,ADR,paranoia,suboxone,suboxone,Weird Symptoms After Using Kratom to Quit Suboxone Today is day 17 off of Suboxone after taking it for 10 long ass years. The opiate withdrawals are definitely subsiding which is beyond killer. I used kratom to get through the worst of it during the first two weeks, about 25-30 grams a day. This week I've drastically cut down on the kratom to more like 10 grams daily. The past couple days I've been getting horrible anxiety accompanied by a few other symptoms, and a tightness in my chest that won't go away. The left side of my face is super numb too. I should add I'm tapering off of Valium but holding my dose right now. I know the post acute phase can rough mentally but this feels a lot different than other times I've kicked opiates, and it almost feels like benzo withdrawal. Derealization, impaired thinking, paranoia, looping thoughts, tinnitus. Can stopping kratom cause this? I've heard from a few sources that it can act as a calcium channel blocker which is how gabapentin works, and would amp up your CNS and give you benzo type withdrawals. I've also heard that the serotonin effects can cause benzo like symptoms.
8yqh1o,848,856,ADR,tinnitus,suboxone,suboxone,Weird Symptoms After Using Kratom to Quit Suboxone Today is day 17 off of Suboxone after taking it for 10 long ass years. The opiate withdrawals are definitely subsiding which is beyond killer. I used kratom to get through the worst of it during the first two weeks, about 25-30 grams a day. This week I've drastically cut down on the kratom to more like 10 grams daily. The past couple days I've been getting horrible anxiety accompanied by a few other symptoms, and a tightness in my chest that won't go away. The left side of my face is super numb too. I should add I'm tapering off of Valium but holding my dose right now. I know the post acute phase can rough mentally but this feels a lot different than other times I've kicked opiates, and it almost feels like benzo withdrawal. Derealization, impaired thinking, paranoia, looping thoughts, tinnitus. Can stopping kratom cause this? I've heard from a few sources that it can act as a calcium channel blocker which is how gabapentin works, and would amp up your CNS and give you benzo type withdrawals. I've also heard that the serotonin effects can cause benzo like symptoms.
8yoz12,145,156,ADR,withdrawals,suboxone,suboxone,Kratom Acting as a Calcium Channel Blocker While Tapering Benzos Today is day 17 off of Suboxone. Things are definitely mellowing out as far the withdrawals from that go which I couldn't be happier about. For the first 12 or 13 days I was taking pretty high doses of kratom to curb the withdrawals, about 25 to 30 grams a day. Then I started getting SEVERELY dehydrated from the diuretic effects of kratom and actually ended up in the ER and had to get a saline drip. It probably didn't help that it's been hot and I was already sweating my brains out from detoxing, but I also had a sinus infection. At that point I stopped taking the kratom because the Suboxone withdrawals were abating and because I didn't want to keep getting dehydrated. Then a couple days later I start having horrible anxiety and other symptoms similar to benzo withdrawal out of the blue; derealization, headaches, muscle aches, sensitivity to light and sound, tinnitus, left side of my face is numb. So I read that there's a chemical in kratom called  Corynoxeine which is a calcium channel blocker which is how gabapentin and Lyrica work. Right now I'm tapering Valium and down to 5mg, so my CNS is kind of fried and obviously freaking out from having something affect my GABA even more. Anybody have experience with being on benzos and taking kratom? How long does it take to heal? And how should you go about tapering kratom? I had only taken it for about 2 weeks at 25-30 grams a day, then stopped for a couple days, and since then I've been taking about 8-10 grams a day and still having horrible benzo-like symptoms. Thanks for any help!
8yoz12,359,369,ADR,dehydrated,kratom,kratom,Kratom Acting as a Calcium Channel Blocker While Tapering Benzos Today is day 17 off of Suboxone. Things are definitely mellowing out as far the withdrawals from that go which I couldn't be happier about. For the first 12 or 13 days I was taking pretty high doses of kratom to curb the withdrawals, about 25 to 30 grams a day. Then I started getting SEVERELY dehydrated from the diuretic effects of kratom and actually ended up in the ER and had to get a saline drip. It probably didn't help that it's been hot and I was already sweating my brains out from detoxing, but I also had a sinus infection. At that point I stopped taking the kratom because the Suboxone withdrawals were abating and because I didn't want to keep getting dehydrated. Then a couple days later I start having horrible anxiety and other symptoms similar to benzo withdrawal out of the blue; derealization, headaches, muscle aches, sensitivity to light and sound, tinnitus, left side of my face is numb. So I read that there's a chemical in kratom called  Corynoxeine which is a calcium channel blocker which is how gabapentin and Lyrica work. Right now I'm tapering Valium and down to 5mg, so my CNS is kind of fried and obviously freaking out from having something affect my GABA even more. Anybody have experience with being on benzos and taking kratom? How long does it take to heal? And how should you go about tapering kratom? I had only taken it for about 2 weeks at 25-30 grams a day, then stopped for a couple days, and since then I've been taking about 8-10 grams a day and still having horrible benzo-like symptoms. Thanks for any help!
8yoz12,584,599,ADR,sinus infection,suboxone,suboxone,Kratom Acting as a Calcium Channel Blocker While Tapering Benzos Today is day 17 off of Suboxone. Things are definitely mellowing out as far the withdrawals from that go which I couldn't be happier about. For the first 12 or 13 days I was taking pretty high doses of kratom to curb the withdrawals, about 25 to 30 grams a day. Then I started getting SEVERELY dehydrated from the diuretic effects of kratom and actually ended up in the ER and had to get a saline drip. It probably didn't help that it's been hot and I was already sweating my brains out from detoxing, but I also had a sinus infection. At that point I stopped taking the kratom because the Suboxone withdrawals were abating and because I didn't want to keep getting dehydrated. Then a couple days later I start having horrible anxiety and other symptoms similar to benzo withdrawal out of the blue; derealization, headaches, muscle aches, sensitivity to light and sound, tinnitus, left side of my face is numb. So I read that there's a chemical in kratom called  Corynoxeine which is a calcium channel blocker which is how gabapentin and Lyrica work. Right now I'm tapering Valium and down to 5mg, so my CNS is kind of fried and obviously freaking out from having something affect my GABA even more. Anybody have experience with being on benzos and taking kratom? How long does it take to heal? And how should you go about tapering kratom? I had only taken it for about 2 weeks at 25-30 grams a day, then stopped for a couple days, and since then I've been taking about 8-10 grams a day and still having horrible benzo-like symptoms. Thanks for any help!
8yoz12,792,799,ADR,anxiety,kratom,kratom,Kratom Acting as a Calcium Channel Blocker While Tapering Benzos Today is day 17 off of Suboxone. Things are definitely mellowing out as far the withdrawals from that go which I couldn't be happier about. For the first 12 or 13 days I was taking pretty high doses of kratom to curb the withdrawals, about 25 to 30 grams a day. Then I started getting SEVERELY dehydrated from the diuretic effects of kratom and actually ended up in the ER and had to get a saline drip. It probably didn't help that it's been hot and I was already sweating my brains out from detoxing, but I also had a sinus infection. At that point I stopped taking the kratom because the Suboxone withdrawals were abating and because I didn't want to keep getting dehydrated. Then a couple days later I start having horrible anxiety and other symptoms similar to benzo withdrawal out of the blue; derealization, headaches, muscle aches, sensitivity to light and sound, tinnitus, left side of my face is numb. So I read that there's a chemical in kratom called  Corynoxeine which is a calcium channel blocker which is how gabapentin and Lyrica work. Right now I'm tapering Valium and down to 5mg, so my CNS is kind of fried and obviously freaking out from having something affect my GABA even more. Anybody have experience with being on benzos and taking kratom? How long does it take to heal? And how should you go about tapering kratom? I had only taken it for about 2 weeks at 25-30 grams a day, then stopped for a couple days, and since then I've been taking about 8-10 grams a day and still having horrible benzo-like symptoms. Thanks for any help!
8yoz12,864,877,ADR,derealization,kratom,kratom,Kratom Acting as a Calcium Channel Blocker While Tapering Benzos Today is day 17 off of Suboxone. Things are definitely mellowing out as far the withdrawals from that go which I couldn't be happier about. For the first 12 or 13 days I was taking pretty high doses of kratom to curb the withdrawals, about 25 to 30 grams a day. Then I started getting SEVERELY dehydrated from the diuretic effects of kratom and actually ended up in the ER and had to get a saline drip. It probably didn't help that it's been hot and I was already sweating my brains out from detoxing, but I also had a sinus infection. At that point I stopped taking the kratom because the Suboxone withdrawals were abating and because I didn't want to keep getting dehydrated. Then a couple days later I start having horrible anxiety and other symptoms similar to benzo withdrawal out of the blue; derealization, headaches, muscle aches, sensitivity to light and sound, tinnitus, left side of my face is numb. So I read that there's a chemical in kratom called  Corynoxeine which is a calcium channel blocker which is how gabapentin and Lyrica work. Right now I'm tapering Valium and down to 5mg, so my CNS is kind of fried and obviously freaking out from having something affect my GABA even more. Anybody have experience with being on benzos and taking kratom? How long does it take to heal? And how should you go about tapering kratom? I had only taken it for about 2 weeks at 25-30 grams a day, then stopped for a couple days, and since then I've been taking about 8-10 grams a day and still having horrible benzo-like symptoms. Thanks for any help!
8yoz12,879,888,ADR,headaches,kratom,kratom,Kratom Acting as a Calcium Channel Blocker While Tapering Benzos Today is day 17 off of Suboxone. Things are definitely mellowing out as far the withdrawals from that go which I couldn't be happier about. For the first 12 or 13 days I was taking pretty high doses of kratom to curb the withdrawals, about 25 to 30 grams a day. Then I started getting SEVERELY dehydrated from the diuretic effects of kratom and actually ended up in the ER and had to get a saline drip. It probably didn't help that it's been hot and I was already sweating my brains out from detoxing, but I also had a sinus infection. At that point I stopped taking the kratom because the Suboxone withdrawals were abating and because I didn't want to keep getting dehydrated. Then a couple days later I start having horrible anxiety and other symptoms similar to benzo withdrawal out of the blue; derealization, headaches, muscle aches, sensitivity to light and sound, tinnitus, left side of my face is numb. So I read that there's a chemical in kratom called  Corynoxeine which is a calcium channel blocker which is how gabapentin and Lyrica work. Right now I'm tapering Valium and down to 5mg, so my CNS is kind of fried and obviously freaking out from having something affect my GABA even more. Anybody have experience with being on benzos and taking kratom? How long does it take to heal? And how should you go about tapering kratom? I had only taken it for about 2 weeks at 25-30 grams a day, then stopped for a couple days, and since then I've been taking about 8-10 grams a day and still having horrible benzo-like symptoms. Thanks for any help!
8yoz12,890,902,ADR,muscle aches,kratom,kratom,Kratom Acting as a Calcium Channel Blocker While Tapering Benzos Today is day 17 off of Suboxone. Things are definitely mellowing out as far the withdrawals from that go which I couldn't be happier about. For the first 12 or 13 days I was taking pretty high doses of kratom to curb the withdrawals, about 25 to 30 grams a day. Then I started getting SEVERELY dehydrated from the diuretic effects of kratom and actually ended up in the ER and had to get a saline drip. It probably didn't help that it's been hot and I was already sweating my brains out from detoxing, but I also had a sinus infection. At that point I stopped taking the kratom because the Suboxone withdrawals were abating and because I didn't want to keep getting dehydrated. Then a couple days later I start having horrible anxiety and other symptoms similar to benzo withdrawal out of the blue; derealization, headaches, muscle aches, sensitivity to light and sound, tinnitus, left side of my face is numb. So I read that there's a chemical in kratom called  Corynoxeine which is a calcium channel blocker which is how gabapentin and Lyrica work. Right now I'm tapering Valium and down to 5mg, so my CNS is kind of fried and obviously freaking out from having something affect my GABA even more. Anybody have experience with being on benzos and taking kratom? How long does it take to heal? And how should you go about tapering kratom? I had only taken it for about 2 weeks at 25-30 grams a day, then stopped for a couple days, and since then I've been taking about 8-10 grams a day and still having horrible benzo-like symptoms. Thanks for any help!
8yoz12,936,944,ADR,tinnitus,kratom,kratom,Kratom Acting as a Calcium Channel Blocker While Tapering Benzos Today is day 17 off of Suboxone. Things are definitely mellowing out as far the withdrawals from that go which I couldn't be happier about. For the first 12 or 13 days I was taking pretty high doses of kratom to curb the withdrawals, about 25 to 30 grams a day. Then I started getting SEVERELY dehydrated from the diuretic effects of kratom and actually ended up in the ER and had to get a saline drip. It probably didn't help that it's been hot and I was already sweating my brains out from detoxing, but I also had a sinus infection. At that point I stopped taking the kratom because the Suboxone withdrawals were abating and because I didn't want to keep getting dehydrated. Then a couple days later I start having horrible anxiety and other symptoms similar to benzo withdrawal out of the blue; derealization, headaches, muscle aches, sensitivity to light and sound, tinnitus, left side of my face is numb. So I read that there's a chemical in kratom called  Corynoxeine which is a calcium channel blocker which is how gabapentin and Lyrica work. Right now I'm tapering Valium and down to 5mg, so my CNS is kind of fried and obviously freaking out from having something affect my GABA even more. Anybody have experience with being on benzos and taking kratom? How long does it take to heal? And how should you go about tapering kratom? I had only taken it for about 2 weeks at 25-30 grams a day, then stopped for a couple days, and since then I've been taking about 8-10 grams a day and still having horrible benzo-like symptoms. Thanks for any help!
8yoz12,970,974,ADR,numb,kratom,kratom,Kratom Acting as a Calcium Channel Blocker While Tapering Benzos Today is day 17 off of Suboxone. Things are definitely mellowing out as far the withdrawals from that go which I couldn't be happier about. For the first 12 or 13 days I was taking pretty high doses of kratom to curb the withdrawals, about 25 to 30 grams a day. Then I started getting SEVERELY dehydrated from the diuretic effects of kratom and actually ended up in the ER and had to get a saline drip. It probably didn't help that it's been hot and I was already sweating my brains out from detoxing, but I also had a sinus infection. At that point I stopped taking the kratom because the Suboxone withdrawals were abating and because I didn't want to keep getting dehydrated. Then a couple days later I start having horrible anxiety and other symptoms similar to benzo withdrawal out of the blue; derealization, headaches, muscle aches, sensitivity to light and sound, tinnitus, left side of my face is numb. So I read that there's a chemical in kratom called  Corynoxeine which is a calcium channel blocker which is how gabapentin and Lyrica work. Right now I'm tapering Valium and down to 5mg, so my CNS is kind of fried and obviously freaking out from having something affect my GABA even more. Anybody have experience with being on benzos and taking kratom? How long does it take to heal? And how should you go about tapering kratom? I had only taken it for about 2 weeks at 25-30 grams a day, then stopped for a couple days, and since then I've been taking about 8-10 grams a day and still having horrible benzo-like symptoms. Thanks for any help!
8ynvwd,225,236,ADR,withdrawals,suboxone,suboxone,Suboxone question Situation: used heroin every day for 3.5 years and recently quit 17 days ago. Haven't had suboxone in 7 days now and I can really feel the difference  Question: any advice about using suboxone to curb acute withdrawals vs. using suboxone long-term while I get my life back on track and then tapering off?
8ymmv2,278,290,ADR,interactions,suboxone,suboxone,Amazingly ignorant doctors are still practicing. My grandmother fell and broke her wrist. She has been on Suboxone for about a year for multiple pain issues. After her wrist surgery the hospital doctor, or possibly PA, prescribed her oxycodone and said she’s never heard of any interactions for taking it with her Suboxone, which contains Nalexone. I wasn’t at the hospital when she instructed her in this matter. When I heard of it I immediately showed my grandmother multiple reports from the web of the dangers of mixing traditional opiates with Suboxone to discourage her from taking both. I cannot believe a doctor would prescribe this and not be knowledgeable of the risk of precipitated withdrawals from combining the two.
8ymmv2,694,705,ADR,withdrawals,suboxone,suboxone,Amazingly ignorant doctors are still practicing. My grandmother fell and broke her wrist. She has been on Suboxone for about a year for multiple pain issues. After her wrist surgery the hospital doctor, or possibly PA, prescribed her oxycodone and said she’s never heard of any interactions for taking it with her Suboxone, which contains Nalexone. I wasn’t at the hospital when she instructed her in this matter. When I heard of it I immediately showed my grandmother multiple reports from the web of the dangers of mixing traditional opiates with Suboxone to discourage her from taking both. I cannot believe a doctor would prescribe this and not be knowledgeable of the risk of precipitated withdrawals from combining the two.
8ymf41,553,573,ADR,emotions are blunted,suboxone,suboxone,Relapse after relapse. I don't know how anyone does this. My partner used again, told me, getting back on suboxone today.   I don't have hope anymore. It's been nearly weekly relapses for so long. I'm always on edge. I need to start going to meetings and all that again.   Yesterday I was so angry. I usually am not angry, I tend to be very empathetic. The whole day sucked. Towards the end of the day I just stopped feeling.   I'm afraid I'm falling out of love with this person I love more than anything. It's sad to see them sad and feel like all my emotions are blunted.
8yj69e,132,143,ADR,withdrawals,drugs,drugs,I’ve been trying to quit for the last month.. I have suboxone, weed and any other comfort item I may need to get myself through the withdrawals. I have one shot for the morning and that was supposed to be my last one for a while.. ope! And what do you know.. wake up at 5:30am to a cold coming on (: great....
8yfv4h,185,193,ADR,get high,suboxone,suboxone,Subutex question Got an 8mg subutex and have no experience with these, as I’ve always had suboxone.  Can someone please help me understand the difference?  My dboy said you could still get high while taking subutex (unlike suboxone which has the blocking effect), but I’ve seen that either will cause PWD. Therefore, I assume you need to wait until you are in WD before taking?  Also, after you take the tex can you use and get high?  My plan is to take 2mg of the tex in the morning and taper down over the next few days (that’s always how I do it with suboxone); however, I saved a few blues, and want to take them after work tomorrow. Will that work? Any input is appreciated?
8yeld0,52,61,ADR,addiction,suboxone,suboxone,Can Kratom actually help free me from this suboxone addiction hell? I throw up everytime I try to take it, feeling discouraged. Hello and thanks for reading. I've been an opiate addict since 14, and on methadone, then suboxone, for the past 5 years. Everytime I've tried to stop its been unbeatable physically and mentally. I started going down on subs the past few months, from 16mg, to now 1/2 or 1mg a day. It's fucking hard. I got some Kratom from a local headshop, and Im pretty sure it was trash. I took the capsules and felt nothing, except a headache and general discomfort. So I tried an online vendor highly recommended by reddits Kratom community.  It comes in powder. I've tried to toss N wash, but even only taking 2-3 teaspoons, I puke it up every time within 20 minutes no matter how hard I try not to. I've also tried mixing it into water, hot chocolate, sodas, and Gatorade. They were horrible, it was either too powdery or too sludgy and I wasn't even able to drink a quarter of the recommended dosage. I felt nothing those times either, which makes sense, since I puked it up or barely drank any.   I'm starting to feel really discouraged and don't know what to do. I don't have the money for strainers and scales and don't know how to use them, and I'm going even lower on my sub weaning and feeling it badly. Any advice or encouragement?
8yeld0,550,558,ADR,headache,suboxone,suboxone,Can Kratom actually help free me from this suboxone addiction hell? I throw up everytime I try to take it, feeling discouraged. Hello and thanks for reading. I've been an opiate addict since 14, and on methadone, then suboxone, for the past 5 years. Everytime I've tried to stop its been unbeatable physically and mentally. I started going down on subs the past few months, from 16mg, to now 1/2 or 1mg a day. It's fucking hard. I got some Kratom from a local headshop, and Im pretty sure it was trash. I took the capsules and felt nothing, except a headache and general discomfort. So I tried an online vendor highly recommended by reddits Kratom community.  It comes in powder. I've tried to toss N wash, but even only taking 2-3 teaspoons, I puke it up every time within 20 minutes no matter how hard I try not to. I've also tried mixing it into water, hot chocolate, sodas, and Gatorade. They were horrible, it was either too powdery or too sludgy and I wasn't even able to drink a quarter of the recommended dosage. I felt nothing those times either, which makes sense, since I puked it up or barely drank any.   I'm starting to feel really discouraged and don't know what to do. I don't have the money for strainers and scales and don't know how to use them, and I'm going even lower on my sub weaning and feeling it badly. Any advice or encouragement?
8yeld0,563,580,ADR,general discomfor,suboxone,suboxone,Can Kratom actually help free me from this suboxone addiction hell? I throw up everytime I try to take it, feeling discouraged. Hello and thanks for reading. I've been an opiate addict since 14, and on methadone, then suboxone, for the past 5 years. Everytime I've tried to stop its been unbeatable physically and mentally. I started going down on subs the past few months, from 16mg, to now 1/2 or 1mg a day. It's fucking hard. I got some Kratom from a local headshop, and Im pretty sure it was trash. I took the capsules and felt nothing, except a headache and general discomfort. So I tried an online vendor highly recommended by reddits Kratom community.  It comes in powder. I've tried to toss N wash, but even only taking 2-3 teaspoons, I puke it up every time within 20 minutes no matter how hard I try not to. I've also tried mixing it into water, hot chocolate, sodas, and Gatorade. They were horrible, it was either too powdery or too sludgy and I wasn't even able to drink a quarter of the recommended dosage. I felt nothing those times either, which makes sense, since I puked it up or barely drank any.   I'm starting to feel really discouraged and don't know what to do. I don't have the money for strainers and scales and don't know how to use them, and I'm going even lower on my sub weaning and feeling it badly. Any advice or encouragement?
8ydx3p,517,528,ADR,withdrawals,heroin,heroin,Buprenorphine levels higher than norbupenorphine? I started a suboxone program at a treatment center two and a half weeks ago. My last use was on a Monday, and I thought that Wednesday was my induction but it ended up being Thursday. On wednesday I bought 2 subutex because I didn't want to use, and started the induction Thursday (6/28) by taking 12mgs at the center. Every day after that I would pay the 20 dollar copay and pick up 3 4mg strips. My heroin use was pretty heavy and the subs didn't take away all the withdrawals, so I would take 8mg and snort 4mg and by the 3rd day I felt normal. I continued to do this for the following week and took a drug test every day. On Friday (7/6) the nurse practitioner told me that she was concerned because for the whole week my buprenorphine level was higher than the norbupenorphine level, and she said that it should be the other way around. So she had me go another week of induction instead of coming once weekly, and I stopped snorting the 4mg because I thought that was the reason for the bup level being higher. For the following week I took it sublingually and the few drug tests in the beginning of the week showed the same results, so today (7/12) she called the main doctor who owns the center and he told her to cut me off of the suboxone. I left the center really anxious and I couldn't think straight as I'm scared of using again when the withdrawals begin. Later today as I calmed down I remembered the subutex that I snorted before the induction so I called the nurse to ask about the levels, and the norbupenorphine levels were higher than the buprenorphine. This makes no sense to me, does anybody have any imput as to why the levels were like this? Any further advice would also be appreciated, thank you in advance.
8y1s4t,645,653,ADR,insomnia,suboxone,suboxone,Day 3 off suboxone So I am on day 3 without taking Suboxone. I was on Subs for  4.5 years after years of heroin addiction and many failed rehab attempts. Suboxone was great for me and truly saved my life.   I started at 16 mgs and slowly tapered down over last 3 years. 3 months ago I moved abroad with my husband. During this time I tapered from 1 mg to .125 mg. I never felt super sick during this taper period, just super fed up with feeling not 100%. I was on .125 mg for about 2 weeks, but I felt like I never really stabilized on that dose. I would have maybe 2-3 good hours during the day and the rest of the day I felt like crap and had insomnia with restless legs every night. So I finally jumped.  Day 1 - not bad at all. I was just a little lethargic throughout the day. Took some clonidine to help me sleep. I slept from 12-5 Am  Day 2 - still not bad at all. Took 2 hot baths and took 1 clonidine split into 4 doses throughout the day and I took like .125 mg of xanax to help me sleep. Slept from 12-5 and then from 530-10 am  Day 3 - it is almost 8 pm here. I still feel really good physically. Again, just super lethargic, slight sneezing/watery eyes, really cold. Clonidine really helps with the anxiety.   I am definitely starting to get a little mentally fucked up though. I am feeling irritable and I am a little too emotional over cute puppy gifs on Reddit. I had a dream last night about my best friend who OD'd two years ago and I've been dealing with a lot of guilt because I corrupted her. I feel like she would still be alive if she met me.  I also have like 3 mg of Suboxone left and I find myself having to talk myself out of taking a little bit of it. I have also been tempting myself by saying things like oh if I make it a week I should find like 10 mg of oxycodone as a reward. It's fucked up
8y1s4t,659,672,ADR,restless legs,suboxone,suboxone,Day 3 off suboxone So I am on day 3 without taking Suboxone. I was on Subs for  4.5 years after years of heroin addiction and many failed rehab attempts. Suboxone was great for me and truly saved my life.   I started at 16 mgs and slowly tapered down over last 3 years. 3 months ago I moved abroad with my husband. During this time I tapered from 1 mg to .125 mg. I never felt super sick during this taper period, just super fed up with feeling not 100%. I was on .125 mg for about 2 weeks, but I felt like I never really stabilized on that dose. I would have maybe 2-3 good hours during the day and the rest of the day I felt like crap and had insomnia with restless legs every night. So I finally jumped.  Day 1 - not bad at all. I was just a little lethargic throughout the day. Took some clonidine to help me sleep. I slept from 12-5 Am  Day 2 - still not bad at all. Took 2 hot baths and took 1 clonidine split into 4 doses throughout the day and I took like .125 mg of xanax to help me sleep. Slept from 12-5 and then from 530-10 am  Day 3 - it is almost 8 pm here. I still feel really good physically. Again, just super lethargic, slight sneezing/watery eyes, really cold. Clonidine really helps with the anxiety.   I am definitely starting to get a little mentally fucked up though. I am feeling irritable and I am a little too emotional over cute puppy gifs on Reddit. I had a dream last night about my best friend who OD'd two years ago and I've been dealing with a lot of guilt because I corrupted her. I feel like she would still be alive if she met me.  I also have like 3 mg of Suboxone left and I find myself having to talk myself out of taking a little bit of it. I have also been tempting myself by saying things like oh if I make it a week I should find like 10 mg of oxycodone as a reward. It's fucked up
8y1s4t,752,761,ADR,lethargic,suboxone,suboxone,Day 3 off suboxone So I am on day 3 without taking Suboxone. I was on Subs for  4.5 years after years of heroin addiction and many failed rehab attempts. Suboxone was great for me and truly saved my life.   I started at 16 mgs and slowly tapered down over last 3 years. 3 months ago I moved abroad with my husband. During this time I tapered from 1 mg to .125 mg. I never felt super sick during this taper period, just super fed up with feeling not 100%. I was on .125 mg for about 2 weeks, but I felt like I never really stabilized on that dose. I would have maybe 2-3 good hours during the day and the rest of the day I felt like crap and had insomnia with restless legs every night. So I finally jumped.  Day 1 - not bad at all. I was just a little lethargic throughout the day. Took some clonidine to help me sleep. I slept from 12-5 Am  Day 2 - still not bad at all. Took 2 hot baths and took 1 clonidine split into 4 doses throughout the day and I took like .125 mg of xanax to help me sleep. Slept from 12-5 and then from 530-10 am  Day 3 - it is almost 8 pm here. I still feel really good physically. Again, just super lethargic, slight sneezing/watery eyes, really cold. Clonidine really helps with the anxiety.   I am definitely starting to get a little mentally fucked up though. I am feeling irritable and I am a little too emotional over cute puppy gifs on Reddit. I had a dream last night about my best friend who OD'd two years ago and I've been dealing with a lot of guilt because I corrupted her. I feel like she would still be alive if she met me.  I also have like 3 mg of Suboxone left and I find myself having to talk myself out of taking a little bit of it. I have also been tempting myself by saying things like oh if I make it a week I should find like 10 mg of oxycodone as a reward. It's fucked up
8y1s4t,1154,1166,ADR,watery eyes,,suboxone,suboxone,Day 3 off suboxone So I am on day 3 without taking Suboxone. I was on Subs for  4.5 years after years of heroin addiction and many failed rehab attempts. Suboxone was great for me and truly saved my life.   I started at 16 mgs and slowly tapered down over last 3 years. 3 months ago I moved abroad with my husband. During this time I tapered from 1 mg to .125 mg. I never felt super sick during this taper period, just super fed up with feeling not 100%. I was on .125 mg for about 2 weeks, but I felt like I never really stabilized on that dose. I would have maybe 2-3 good hours during the day and the rest of the day I felt like crap and had insomnia with restless legs every night. So I finally jumped.  Day 1 - not bad at all. I was just a little lethargic throughout the day. Took some clonidine to help me sleep. I slept from 12-5 Am  Day 2 - still not bad at all. Took 2 hot baths and took 1 clonidine split into 4 doses throughout the day and I took like .125 mg of xanax to help me sleep. Slept from 12-5 and then from 530-10 am  Day 3 - it is almost 8 pm here. I still feel really good physically. Again, just super lethargic, slight sneezing/watery eyes, really cold. Clonidine really helps with the anxiety.   I am definitely starting to get a little mentally fucked up though. I am feeling irritable and I am a little too emotional over cute puppy gifs on Reddit. I had a dream last night about my best friend who OD'd two years ago and I've been dealing with a lot of guilt because I corrupted her. I feel like she would still be alive if she met me.  I also have like 3 mg of Suboxone left and I find myself having to talk myself out of taking a little bit of it. I have also been tempting myself by saying things like oh if I make it a week I should find like 10 mg of oxycodone as a reward. It's fucked up
8y1s4t,1264,1282,ADR,mentally fucked up,suboxone,suboxone,Day 3 off suboxone So I am on day 3 without taking Suboxone. I was on Subs for  4.5 years after years of heroin addiction and many failed rehab attempts. Suboxone was great for me and truly saved my life.   I started at 16 mgs and slowly tapered down over last 3 years. 3 months ago I moved abroad with my husband. During this time I tapered from 1 mg to .125 mg. I never felt super sick during this taper period, just super fed up with feeling not 100%. I was on .125 mg for about 2 weeks, but I felt like I never really stabilized on that dose. I would have maybe 2-3 good hours during the day and the rest of the day I felt like crap and had insomnia with restless legs every night. So I finally jumped.  Day 1 - not bad at all. I was just a little lethargic throughout the day. Took some clonidine to help me sleep. I slept from 12-5 Am  Day 2 - still not bad at all. Took 2 hot baths and took 1 clonidine split into 4 doses throughout the day and I took like .125 mg of xanax to help me sleep. Slept from 12-5 and then from 530-10 am  Day 3 - it is almost 8 pm here. I still feel really good physically. Again, just super lethargic, slight sneezing/watery eyes, really cold. Clonidine really helps with the anxiety.   I am definitely starting to get a little mentally fucked up though. I am feeling irritable and I am a little too emotional over cute puppy gifs on Reddit. I had a dream last night about my best friend who OD'd two years ago and I've been dealing with a lot of guilt because I corrupted her. I feel like she would still be alive if she met me.  I also have like 3 mg of Suboxone left and I find myself having to talk myself out of taking a little bit of it. I have also been tempting myself by saying things like oh if I make it a week I should find like 10 mg of oxycodone as a reward. It's fucked up
8y1s4t,1304,1313,ADR,irritable,suboxone,suboxone,Day 3 off suboxone So I am on day 3 without taking Suboxone. I was on Subs for  4.5 years after years of heroin addiction and many failed rehab attempts. Suboxone was great for me and truly saved my life.   I started at 16 mgs and slowly tapered down over last 3 years. 3 months ago I moved abroad with my husband. During this time I tapered from 1 mg to .125 mg. I never felt super sick during this taper period, just super fed up with feeling not 100%. I was on .125 mg for about 2 weeks, but I felt like I never really stabilized on that dose. I would have maybe 2-3 good hours during the day and the rest of the day I felt like crap and had insomnia with restless legs every night. So I finally jumped.  Day 1 - not bad at all. I was just a little lethargic throughout the day. Took some clonidine to help me sleep. I slept from 12-5 Am  Day 2 - still not bad at all. Took 2 hot baths and took 1 clonidine split into 4 doses throughout the day and I took like .125 mg of xanax to help me sleep. Slept from 12-5 and then from 530-10 am  Day 3 - it is almost 8 pm here. I still feel really good physically. Again, just super lethargic, slight sneezing/watery eyes, really cold. Clonidine really helps with the anxiety.   I am definitely starting to get a little mentally fucked up though. I am feeling irritable and I am a little too emotional over cute puppy gifs on Reddit. I had a dream last night about my best friend who OD'd two years ago and I've been dealing with a lot of guilt because I corrupted her. I feel like she would still be alive if she met me.  I also have like 3 mg of Suboxone left and I find myself having to talk myself out of taking a little bit of it. I have also been tempting myself by saying things like oh if I make it a week I should find like 10 mg of oxycodone as a reward. It's fucked up
8y15qn,595,604,ADR,withdrawl,suboxone,suboxone,Day 10 detox Ok before I begin, I've been through this 3 times in my life.   1st success after a few days, was back at work day 9.   2nd no way- drove me to insanity and was dumb years ago and failed 12 days in.   On my 3rd time 10 days in today.  10 years prescribed to me, first detox got in when it was very controlled like a few months, taper and no more. Very clinical and strict. Eventually it morphed into, you put big cash upwards of $300 and walk out with 6 months huge script. But its like anything else and I believe our responsibility to choose what we buy and put in our bodies. So withdrawl situations vary greatly, based on doctor, history and length on.   So today, I slept about 4 1/2 hrs going on a week, of two sleep cycles with stomach pains upon waking up. My brain is still sorting it out, but my body just is run down from lack of real sleep. It's very mental but in a physical rebuilding way. Hurts my bones, but what I'm doing...  I'm just letting it be. I'm on medicinal cannabis a lot, it's the only way things feel ok without crying sometimes from how taxing this is, or just going to a bad place. I stay away from prescribed benzos during day light hours. I just have to remember 10 days is a great achievement, but it's still pretty early.   I'm just so lucky, I have 3 more weeks of no responsibilities to try and get this checked and then go on a vacation.  Anyone with experience with suboxone insomnia withdrawl from week 1 to 3 please leave feedback. Any feedback on the subject would be greatly appreciated   Restless but alive :)
8y15qn,748,761,ADR,stomach pains,suboxone,suboxone,Day 10 detox Ok before I begin, I've been through this 3 times in my life.   1st success after a few days, was back at work day 9.   2nd no way- drove me to insanity and was dumb years ago and failed 12 days in.   On my 3rd time 10 days in today.  10 years prescribed to me, first detox got in when it was very controlled like a few months, taper and no more. Very clinical and strict. Eventually it morphed into, you put big cash upwards of $300 and walk out with 6 months huge script. But its like anything else and I believe our responsibility to choose what we buy and put in our bodies. So withdrawl situations vary greatly, based on doctor, history and length on.   So today, I slept about 4 1/2 hrs going on a week, of two sleep cycles with stomach pains upon waking up. My brain is still sorting it out, but my body just is run down from lack of real sleep. It's very mental but in a physical rebuilding way. Hurts my bones, but what I'm doing...  I'm just letting it be. I'm on medicinal cannabis a lot, it's the only way things feel ok without crying sometimes from how taxing this is, or just going to a bad place. I stay away from prescribed benzos during day light hours. I just have to remember 10 days is a great achievement, but it's still pretty early.   I'm just so lucky, I have 3 more weeks of no responsibilities to try and get this checked and then go on a vacation.  Anyone with experience with suboxone insomnia withdrawl from week 1 to 3 please leave feedback. Any feedback on the subject would be greatly appreciated   Restless but alive :)
8y15qn,1427,1435,ADR,insomnia,suboxone,suboxone,Day 10 detox Ok before I begin, I've been through this 3 times in my life.   1st success after a few days, was back at work day 9.   2nd no way- drove me to insanity and was dumb years ago and failed 12 days in.   On my 3rd time 10 days in today.  10 years prescribed to me, first detox got in when it was very controlled like a few months, taper and no more. Very clinical and strict. Eventually it morphed into, you put big cash upwards of $300 and walk out with 6 months huge script. But its like anything else and I believe our responsibility to choose what we buy and put in our bodies. So withdrawl situations vary greatly, based on doctor, history and length on.   So today, I slept about 4 1/2 hrs going on a week, of two sleep cycles with stomach pains upon waking up. My brain is still sorting it out, but my body just is run down from lack of real sleep. It's very mental but in a physical rebuilding way. Hurts my bones, but what I'm doing...  I'm just letting it be. I'm on medicinal cannabis a lot, it's the only way things feel ok without crying sometimes from how taxing this is, or just going to a bad place. I stay away from prescribed benzos during day light hours. I just have to remember 10 days is a great achievement, but it's still pretty early.   I'm just so lucky, I have 3 more weeks of no responsibilities to try and get this checked and then go on a vacation.  Anyone with experience with suboxone insomnia withdrawl from week 1 to 3 please leave feedback. Any feedback on the subject would be greatly appreciated   Restless but alive :)
8xzyqj,26,35,ADR,tolerance,suboxone,suboxone,Kratom and suboxone cross tolerance I’ve been on 12mg suboxone daily a few weeks now (started at 2mg and worked my way up). I have been off the subs a few days, taking a 2mg piece every two days now. I was wondering if that would mess with Kratom? I ordered 50 grams of maeng da powder and don’t want it to go to waste. If anyone has experience with this or advice it would be greatly appreciated as the Kratom should be here in a few hours.
8xzd2w,352,360,ADR,cravings,suboxone,suboxone,Suboxone in Australia? Hey guys I have been looking around reddit for awhile but I’ve just made an account to ask questions. I have been on Suboxone now for 2 months using 10mg per day and it is working wonders for me right now, I have been able to get my life back together. In the past I have been clean from heroin but I was always so restless with cravings and generally feeling hopeless at life and with the impossible task of recovery.  But being on the Subs makes me feel at peace and it gives me motivation for life again. Which I am excited about.  But my questions are for fellow Australians using Suboxone. How much are you guys using? How long have you been on Suboxone? And how many take-aways are you able to get a week? At the moment I am only able to get 2 take aways, so a lot of my days are planned about getting to the chemist. It can be a bit inconvenient at times but that’s just the way things are for me right now. Thanks guys, it’s nice to know there are other people out there in the same situation as myself. At times opiate addiction can feel a very lonely place. Cheers
8xzd2w,383,391,ADR,hopeless,heroin,heroin,Suboxone in Australia? Hey guys I have been looking around reddit for awhile but I’ve just made an account to ask questions. I have been on Suboxone now for 2 months using 10mg per day and it is working wonders for me right now, I have been able to get my life back together. In the past I have been clean from heroin but I was always so restless with cravings and generally feeling hopeless at life and with the impossible task of recovery.  But being on the Subs makes me feel at peace and it gives me motivation for life again. Which I am excited about.  But my questions are for fellow Australians using Suboxone. How much are you guys using? How long have you been on Suboxone? And how many take-aways are you able to get a week? At the moment I am only able to get 2 take aways, so a lot of my days are planned about getting to the chemist. It can be a bit inconvenient at times but that’s just the way things are for me right now. Thanks guys, it’s nice to know there are other people out there in the same situation as myself. At times opiate addiction can feel a very lonely place. Cheers
8xwd1j,12,21,ADR,tolerance,suboxone,suboxone,Amphetamine tolerance A little back story I have used Adderall/Ritalin in the past but it’s been a while and I don’t remember it being like this.   I am on suboxone and I’ve been trying like hell to taper and now I have financial issue and basically I needed to get my dose down FAST but I have a demanding job managing a restaurant so it’s been really hard.   I finally decided to acquire some Adderall to take for a few days and just immediately drop from 16 mg of sub to 4 mg. So I did that and the first day was rough, but I felt more than decent from the Adderall. I took 30mg.   The next day I took 30 mg again and it didn’t really do too much. So the following day I took 45 mg figuring hey whatever I know amp tolerance builds pretty fast and still pretty much nothing. The next day I had off work and obv should have just not taken any, but I was too dumb to realize that and took 45 mg again to little effect. And finally yesterday I took 60 mg once again to little effect.   I mean, I knew amp tolerance was fast.... but I didn’t think it was that fast?! Just seems crazy. I mean even heroin wasn’t that bad.   Is there something I am missing or doing wrong? I take first thing in am on empty stomach hoping to feel it by the time I am at work but I seem to feel nothing.   I was hoping to take it one last day, tomorrow, because I have to work and it’s a busy day, but is there a dose I can take that will be worthwhile without being insane? Or anything I can do to get more out of it? Or have I just adjusted to the medication and will no longer get a high regardless of dose until I take time off?  Please advise because I’d rather not waste perfectly good pills for nothing but I’d also really like that help tomorrow.   Thanks!
8zf824,37,46,ADR,tolerance,olanzapine,olanzapine,Does anyone else seem to have a high tolerance for antipsychotics? I'm on 25mg of olanzapine. That's 5mg over the licenced dose. I have no side effects but the delusions have started to slip through.  Because I've no side effects I'm reluctant to go off olanzapine and start something else but I might have to. It's like the meds work in one way that I don't have side effects but don't seem to do much for my symptoms.
8zf824,160,169,ADR,delusions,olanzapine,olanzapine,Does anyone else seem to have a high tolerance for antipsychotics? I'm on 25mg of olanzapine. That's 5mg over the licenced dose. I have no side effects but the delusions have started to slip through.  Because I've no side effects I'm reluctant to go off olanzapine and start something else but I might have to. It's like the meds work in one way that I don't have side effects but don't seem to do much for my symptoms.
8ynyue,3440,3461,ADR,persecutory delusions,olanzapine,olanzapine,[J] [Mental Illness: Biomarkers] [Mental Health: Natural Treatments] Does Vitamin C Influence Neurodegenerative Diseases and Psychiatric Disorders? (2017) https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5537779/  &gt;6.3. Schizophrenia  &gt;Schizophrenia is a severe and complex neuropsychiatric disorder that affects 1% of the population worldwide [192,193,194]. Symptoms of schizophrenia are described as “positive” (also so-called productive) and “negative” ones: the first include hallucinations, paranoia and delusions, while negative examples are: limited motivation, impaired speech, weakening and social withdrawal. These symptoms usually appear in early adulthood and often persist in about three-fourths of patients despite optimum treatment [192]. Some authors have suggested that insufficient dopamine level due to the loss of dopamine producing cells may lead to schizophrenia [195]. On the other hand, it has been postulated that schizophrenia has been linked to hyperactivity of brain dopaminergic systems that may reflect an underlying dysfunction of NMDA receptor-mediated neurotransmission [194]. Furthermore, there is the increasing evidence that several physiological mechanisms such as oxidative stress, altered one carbon metabolism and atypical immune-mediated responses may be involved in schizophrenia pathomechanism [192,196].  &gt;Hoffer [197] summarized in the review study the evidence showing that among others Vit C deficiency could worsen the symptoms of schizophrenia and that large doses of this vitamin could improve the core metabolic abnormalities predisposing some people to development of this disease. According to the author, it is probable that the pathologic process responsible for schizophrenia could increase ascorbic acid utilization. Sarandol et al. [198] also noted lower levels of serum Vit C as compared to control group, but this was not regarded as a statistically significant difference. Moreover, a 6-week-long antipsychotic treatment did not modify the concentration of this vitamin. The authors explained that other factors, such as nutrition, physical activity, etc., might be the reason for the discrepancy between the results of their research and other studies. Similarly, Young et al. [199] observed only a slight decrease in Vit C levels in schizophrenic group vs. control one; but interestingly, a highly significant increase in Vit C level in the control female group as compared to both control as well as schizophrenic male group was observed. The authors pointed out that this information might be relevant particularly in the light of recent reports that the risk of schizophrenia is higher in men than women. The reduced supply of Vit C with the diet in patients with schizophrenia was noted by Konarzewska et al. [200].  &gt;The review of Magalhães et al. revealed that the implementation of Vit C as a low-molecular-weight antioxidant alleviated the effects of free radicals in the treatment of schizophrenia [201]. According to Bentsen et al. [202] membrane lipid metabolism and redox regulation may be disturbed in schizophrenia. These authors conducted a study aiming at examination of the clinical effect of adding vitamins E + C to antipsychotics (D2 receptor antagonists). Patients with schizophrenia or related psychoses received Vit C (1000 mg/day) along with vitamin E (364 mg/day) for 16 weeks. Vitamins impaired the course of psychotic symptoms, especially of persecutory delusions. The authors pointed to the usefulness of supplementation of antioxidant vitamins as agents alleviating some side effects of antipsychotic drugs. This was also confirmed by the next study involving schizophrenia patients treated with haloperidol [203]. Classical antipsychotics like haloperidol are suggested to increase oxidative stress and oxidative cell injury in brain, which may influence the course as well as treatment effects of schizophrenia. In this study, chronic haloperidol treatment connected with supplementation of a combination of ω-3 fatty acids and vitamins E and C showed a significant beneficial effect on schizophrenia treatment as measured by SANS (Simpson Angus Scale) and BPRS (Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale) scales. BPRS total score and subscale scores as well as SANS scores were significantly improved starting from the 4th week of treatment. Moreover, in patients with schizophrenia after 16 weeks of treatment, serum Vit C levels were almost twice as high as at the beginning of the study. These results supported the hypothesis of a beneficial effect of the applied supplementation both on positive and negative symptoms of schizophrenia as well as the severity of side effects induced by haloperidol [203]. Heiser et al. [204] also stated that reactive oxygen species (ROS) were involved in the pathophysiology of psychiatric disorders such as schizophrenia. Their research demonstrated that antipsychotics induced ROS formation in the whole blood of rats, which could be reduced by the application of vitamin C. The aim of their study was to demonstrate the effects of clozapine, olanzapine and haloperidol at different doses (18, 90 and 180 μg/mL) on the formation of ROS in the whole blood by using electron spin resonance spectroscopy. To demonstrate the protective capacity of Vit C the blood samples were incubated the highest concentration of each drug with Vit C (1 mM) for 30 min. Olanzapine caused significantly greater ROS formation vs. control under all treatment conditions, while in the case of haloperidol and clozapine only two higher concentrations resulted in significantly increased ROS formation. Vitamin C reduced the ROS production of all tested drugs, but for olanzapine the attenuating effect did not reach a significant level.  &gt;A relatively novel approach as for the role of Vit C in etiology and treatment of schizophrenia was presented by Sershen et al. [193]. According to the researchers, deficits in N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) function are linked to persistent negative symptoms and cognitive deficits in schizophrenia. This hypothesis is supported by the fact that the flavoprotein D-amino acid oxidase (DAO) was shown to degrade the gliotransmitter D-Ser, a potent activator of N-methyl-d-aspartate-type glutamate receptors, while a lot of evidence has suggested that DAO, together with its activator, G72 protein, may play a key role in the pathophysiology of schizophrenia. Furthermore, in a postmortem study the activity of DAO was found to be two-fold higher in schizophrenia subjects [205]. Sershen et al. [193] showed that acute ascorbic acid dose (300 mg/kg i.p.) inhibited PCP-induced and amphetamine-induced locomotor activity in mouse model, which was further attenuated in the presence of D-serine (600 mg/kg). The authors suggested that this effect could result from the Vit C-depended changes in dopamine carrier-membrane translocation and/or altered redox mechanisms that modulate NMDARs. However, this issue needs to be further investigated.
8y6c1u,180,190,ADR,depression,olanzapine,olanzapine,stopping sertraline (zoloft) and olanzapine (zyprexa) cold turkey? i’ve been on both, along with lorazepam for panic attacks, for approximately 6 months, i suffer from anxiety and depression (which was a side effect of the ssri’s i got on for anxiety) only. i was prescribed olanzapine after a rough depression episode that ended me in the hospital, but do not wish to be on either any more. it’s been 5 days since i’ve quit my meds, i’m wondering if anyone has had any success in quitting either of these cold turkey, or what i could expect in the process, and how long the withdrawal symptoms may last. sertraline dose was 50mg, and olanzapine 2.5mg.
8y6c1u,575,585,ADR,withdrawal,olanzapine,olanzapine,stopping sertraline (zoloft) and olanzapine (zyprexa) cold turkey? i’ve been on both, along with lorazepam for panic attacks, for approximately 6 months, i suffer from anxiety and depression (which was a side effect of the ssri’s i got on for anxiety) only. i was prescribed olanzapine after a rough depression episode that ended me in the hospital, but do not wish to be on either any more. it’s been 5 days since i’ve quit my meds, i’m wondering if anyone has had any success in quitting either of these cold turkey, or what i could expect in the process, and how long the withdrawal symptoms may last. sertraline dose was 50mg, and olanzapine 2.5mg.
8y270q,71,81,ADR,withdrawal,olanzapine,olanzapine,Why was I prescribed olanzapine?! I'm currently going through horrible withdrawal symptoms after I tried to stop taking it cold turkey after being on it for a couple of weeks. I originally went to the doctors because of insomnia so they gave me olanzapine, but now that I'm looking at it online I'm beginning to wonder why I was prescribed it in the first place-- it's for schizophrenia and bipolar and I don't have either.   I stopped taking it because I was waking up from horrible nightmares and getting tremors in my hands/face (although now that I think about it my dose of fluoxetine was increased, could it have been that?).  I feel like hell. How long will withdrawal last? I've been vomiting violently anytime I get in a car and the nightmares have gotten worse.
8y270q,220,228,ADR,insomnia,olanzapine,olanzapine,Why was I prescribed olanzapine?! I'm currently going through horrible withdrawal symptoms after I tried to stop taking it cold turkey after being on it for a couple of weeks. I originally went to the doctors because of insomnia so they gave me olanzapine, but now that I'm looking at it online I'm beginning to wonder why I was prescribed it in the first place-- it's for schizophrenia and bipolar and I don't have either.   I stopped taking it because I was waking up from horrible nightmares and getting tremors in my hands/face (although now that I think about it my dose of fluoxetine was increased, could it have been that?).  I feel like hell. How long will withdrawal last? I've been vomiting violently anytime I get in a car and the nightmares have gotten worse.
8y270q,484,494,ADR,nightmares,olanzapine,olanzapine,Why was I prescribed olanzapine?! I'm currently going through horrible withdrawal symptoms after I tried to stop taking it cold turkey after being on it for a couple of weeks. I originally went to the doctors because of insomnia so they gave me olanzapine, but now that I'm looking at it online I'm beginning to wonder why I was prescribed it in the first place-- it's for schizophrenia and bipolar and I don't have either.   I stopped taking it because I was waking up from horrible nightmares and getting tremors in my hands/face (although now that I think about it my dose of fluoxetine was increased, could it have been that?).  I feel like hell. How long will withdrawal last? I've been vomiting violently anytime I get in a car and the nightmares have gotten worse.
8y270q,507,514,ADR,tremors,olanzapine,olanzapine,Why was I prescribed olanzapine?! I'm currently going through horrible withdrawal symptoms after I tried to stop taking it cold turkey after being on it for a couple of weeks. I originally went to the doctors because of insomnia so they gave me olanzapine, but now that I'm looking at it online I'm beginning to wonder why I was prescribed it in the first place-- it's for schizophrenia and bipolar and I don't have either.   I stopped taking it because I was waking up from horrible nightmares and getting tremors in my hands/face (although now that I think about it my dose of fluoxetine was increased, could it have been that?).  I feel like hell. How long will withdrawal last? I've been vomiting violently anytime I get in a car and the nightmares have gotten worse.
8y04sz,7,21,ADR,social anxiety,Lithium,Lithium,Severe social anxiety with meds? I'm prescribed Lithium 1000mg (extended release), Aripiprazole 15mg, Quetiapine 50mg-50mg-100mg (morning-evening-night) and I'm slowly going off Olanzapine, I used to be taking 15mg but now I'm taking 7.5mg and reducing the dose 2.5mg per week as it was replaced by the Aripiprazole. My diagnosis is uncertain but for now let's just say I'm bipolar.  Ever since I got prescribed this stuff I've been having highly increased social anxiety and introversion, problems comunicating and talking to people, problems concentrating on what people are saying, etc. and I can't stand it anymore. Whenever I meet up with a friend it sucks because I don't talk anything at all, apart from the usual "yeah" or whatever. Could it be the meds that are causing this? If so, what med could be causing it? Could someone shed a light on me with this please?
8y04sz,476,488,ADR,introversion,Lithium,Lithium,Severe social anxiety with meds? I'm prescribed Lithium 1000mg (extended release), Aripiprazole 15mg, Quetiapine 50mg-50mg-100mg (morning-evening-night) and I'm slowly going off Olanzapine, I used to be taking 15mg but now I'm taking 7.5mg and reducing the dose 2.5mg per week as it was replaced by the Aripiprazole. My diagnosis is uncertain but for now let's just say I'm bipolar.  Ever since I got prescribed this stuff I've been having highly increased social anxiety and introversion, problems comunicating and talking to people, problems concentrating on what people are saying, etc. and I can't stand it anymore. Whenever I meet up with a friend it sucks because I don't talk anything at all, apart from the usual "yeah" or whatever. Could it be the meds that are causing this? If so, what med could be causing it? Could someone shed a light on me with this please?
8zuci0,32,44,ADR,panic attack,Lamotrigine,Lamotrigine,CBD for a bad high/weed induced panic attack/freaking out. Hey everyone, so over the past 6 months I've had a really bad situation with Mr. Ganja. I had absolutely no health issues before smoking weed and have smoked for a few years quite regularly. I only smoke green, as tobacco just gives me head spins and is not as enjoyable in a bong. I have controlled epilepsy, and the weed did not induce a seizure or anything like that. I'm currently on Lamotrigine 25mg twice a day, keppra 750mg twice a day and Trileptal 300mg twice a day. Haven't had issues with seizures or the side effects of the opiate based meds since smoking weed, hence why I started. I also have had no recognised form of mental health problems. I've greened out/whited out as in gotten sick and had headpins from smoking to much once before, and this experience I'm about to share is not at all the same.  I was well rested and had eaten, was sitting in a perfect setting with friends and had 2-3 green bowls over an hour and a half. Just regular to small size bowls. I smoke pretty much every night at the same time, with no negative effects, and get my cush from the same guy everytime, who also smokes the same stuff without any issues. Later into the night , I pulled a normal size bowl for me, and went to go play some pool with my partner and friends. It was like a switch was flicked. I had a massive, sudden singular headspin like no other before. The room was turned upside down and it felt like I was just kicked in the head. It almost made me fall over. I realised that that feeling can be a sign of greening out, even though when I had previously greened out years ago, the headspins where completely different. I shook it off without panic, although I was surprised. I walked over to the pool table and was slowly getting a bit wobbly and kind of faint and weak. My friends didn't even notice and I was still talking to them, thinking it would pass. I was really calm, as that's what you should be like when you feel like greening out. Suddenly I felt a strong sense of not only panic, but serious serious doom. Like I was going to die, or if you have played Farcry 5, like the scene where Jacob locks you in a simulation chamber and forces you to kill others. I had never experienced this before, and I was shaken to the absolute core. I have had a couple of panic attacks before, and this was nowhere near like that, and I was only young when I had them few panic attacks. I started to get really shakey and my hands trembled in fear. Still I kept a calm voice and said to my partner and my friend that I was feeling well, and I was going to go to bed and lay down. They asked if I was okay, and I just said I was possible going to greenout ( I knew for sure I wasn't haha). I nearly fell down a set of stairs from dizziness, and as I entered my room, there is a mirror directly ahead. I caught myself in the mirror, absolutely pale as a ghost. It was like a horror movie and seeing myself like that literally scared the F**ck out of me. I layed down, tried to breath calmly, had some coke incase my sugar levels were low, I didn't drink that much as I thought it would make me spew. I tried to watch a funny movie to distract myself, tried to fall asleep but it only got worse. I was now curled in a ball, crying and yelling in discomfort. My legs and upper thighs were cramped and seizing and shaking. I was feeling a slow rising feeling if electricity flowing up my legs and slowly to my head. When it got to my head I was yell in agony. Not due to pain but discomfort. My heart was pounding like never before, but in my head I new it was the weed, but my body was reacting extremely badly to the point where it must be something else. I was no crying because I was so scared. I called my partner 20 times before he answered and told him to run to me asap. He was shocked when he seen me. Apparently I looked like a schizophrenic patient having a huge pshycotic meltdown. I asked him to talk to me, calm me down, just chat but it did nothing. I was still getting worse. I was worried this feeling could trigger a seizure, as stress like this can. I begged for an ambulance, which he didn't want to call, as he was also stoned and we live with his family. But I simply did not care, I was so much of a mess that i would happily tell anyone what happened if it ment getting this feeling to stop. Finally an ambulance arrived. They asked me what had happened and I told them exactly what happened. They said I could wait it out or get an intramuscular Injection of medazepam. But if I had the injection I would have to go to hospital. I said yes immediately and told them to hurry up as I didn't know how much more I could take. I remember waking up 5 hours later in hospital feeling drowzy. But the feeling was gone. I was told whilst sedated I fought of doctors and was held in the bed to get a cannula in my arm haha. They let me go as soon as I was fully awake. I then slept heaps of the next 2 days due to the medazepam. But after feeling normal again, I started having seizures alot. It's like it through my system out of wack. Smoking weed was one of the key medications to stopping my seizures, as the medication alone only reduced the amount I had. So after I stopped smoking the seizures began and so did the vast amount of side effects. I waited about a month before I tried to smoke again. Which sounds silly, but unless you know what seizures feel like and the side effects of the medication feels like, trying weed again was a great option.   I tried smoking in a comfortable setting at home with friends. How I always used to. I was slightly nervous about smoking again, incase that episode happened again. But also I was concerned about my tolerance changing. I decided to smoke a really really small bong. The smallest I had ever had. Thinking I will slowly work my way up to being high. But after that tiny amount, a minute later the episode started. I was calm about it and fought it off calmly. My friends knew because I wanted to warm them to feel safe. It wasn't as bad at first and thought I'd be better within a few minutes. But then I stood up and said "take me to hospital". Again sounds over the top, but this feeling is like no other Ive ever had. They drove me and dropped me off and again told the nurse what had happened. They were fine about it as it does happen to people I suppose. They give me a valium which calmed me down and made me sleepy, and the feeling quickly went away. I feel like it went away alot quicker due to having that small amount.  1 month later, I decided to have 1 more try. I rolled a small green joint. I used a full cigarette filter to limit the amount of smoke I could inhale. I had a great setting, just me and my partner. I lit the joint, had 1 puff and thought awsome I'll be fine. 2 minutes later and it started again.... This time I asked to go for a drive. My partner drove me around which kind of helped. I sipped on some juice and water to help me I'm guessing. But again it escalated to the point where I could bare the feeling. So once more I went to hospital. This time refusing anything but monitoring incase I had a seizure. I had the basic blood sugar, blood pressure and pulse reading done. All normal. Eventually the feeling finally passed after an hour and I went home, I felt week in my limbs.  So now I haven't had any weed in about 3 months. Continued having seizures nearly every day, had a medical ban on my liscence and could not be approved to go back to work until the seizures were under control. I sit with my friends when they smoke and can't have any, which I don't mind as I don't really crave weed. But I miss enjoying it with friends. After some research I decided to order some CBD oil and CBD vape juice with a T20 vape. The vape CBD I didn't really feel the effects unless I vaped heaps in a row. Which made me feel a little tired. The oil I dripped under my tongue and it was a high quality hemp CBD oil concerntrate. Which made me so relaxed and almost high, without pshycoactive high. I noticed a decrease in seizures after a few days.   The CBD is quite expensive and I have to be careful importing it to my country. It is legal, but only if ordered correctly. I can't afford to keep using CBD as i can't work due to my seizures. So I thought weed is a much cheaper option. How about smoking, but taking CBD to stop the negative effects of THC. So I would only need the CBD incase I had a bad high.  I've ordered 30mg CBD capsules, a high concentrate tincture like the last one I used and I will continue to use my CBD ejuice to vape.   My plan is too take the CBD capsules for 1 week  to get a feel of the dose. Im thinking twice a day and vaping as necessary. Vaping kind of tops of the relaxing feeling when it starts to wear off.  Then after 1 week I will start using the tincture at night before bed. When I feel comfortable with the dose, I want to take a few hits of a small joint sober. Except for the capsules being in my system. If I feel terrible after it, I plan on hitting the vape, recording how many hits I'm taking per minute until I feel better. If I still feel bad, I'm going to take a small amount of tincture and slowly increase the dose every 15 minutes until I feel better. As a last resort and all fails, I will try the peppercorn method 😂. Apparently sniffing peppercorns and eating them releaves a bad high due to almost being a cannabinoid itself.   I will record the data and give feedback on this post. If all else fails well I'm going to try and ride the bad trip out and time it, just to see how long it actually lasts. If it's too intense then I'll get some valium of a friend and be supervised by my partner. I literally want to be a guinea pig for those having the same problem as me. Because it is definitely a big deal at the moment.  The main reason of this post is to find anyone out there who had done a similar test, seen a friend or witness a similar test, has a story of it working perfectly with a method to work on, or if they have had a negative or no result from using CBD. I've heard so much about it stopping a bad high, but never directly heard proof or a story from someone personally.  You input or questions are a great help so fire away!
8zuci0,45,57,ADR,freaking out,Lamotrigine,Lamotrigine,CBD for a bad high/weed induced panic attack/freaking out. Hey everyone, so over the past 6 months I've had a really bad situation with Mr. Ganja. I had absolutely no health issues before smoking weed and have smoked for a few years quite regularly. I only smoke green, as tobacco just gives me head spins and is not as enjoyable in a bong. I have controlled epilepsy, and the weed did not induce a seizure or anything like that. I'm currently on Lamotrigine 25mg twice a day, keppra 750mg twice a day and Trileptal 300mg twice a day. Haven't had issues with seizures or the side effects of the opiate based meds since smoking weed, hence why I started. I also have had no recognised form of mental health problems. I've greened out/whited out as in gotten sick and had headpins from smoking to much once before, and this experience I'm about to share is not at all the same.  I was well rested and had eaten, was sitting in a perfect setting with friends and had 2-3 green bowls over an hour and a half. Just regular to small size bowls. I smoke pretty much every night at the same time, with no negative effects, and get my cush from the same guy everytime, who also smokes the same stuff without any issues. Later into the night , I pulled a normal size bowl for me, and went to go play some pool with my partner and friends. It was like a switch was flicked. I had a massive, sudden singular headspin like no other before. The room was turned upside down and it felt like I was just kicked in the head. It almost made me fall over. I realised that that feeling can be a sign of greening out, even though when I had previously greened out years ago, the headspins where completely different. I shook it off without panic, although I was surprised. I walked over to the pool table and was slowly getting a bit wobbly and kind of faint and weak. My friends didn't even notice and I was still talking to them, thinking it would pass. I was really calm, as that's what you should be like when you feel like greening out. Suddenly I felt a strong sense of not only panic, but serious serious doom. Like I was going to die, or if you have played Farcry 5, like the scene where Jacob locks you in a simulation chamber and forces you to kill others. I had never experienced this before, and I was shaken to the absolute core. I have had a couple of panic attacks before, and this was nowhere near like that, and I was only young when I had them few panic attacks. I started to get really shakey and my hands trembled in fear. Still I kept a calm voice and said to my partner and my friend that I was feeling well, and I was going to go to bed and lay down. They asked if I was okay, and I just said I was possible going to greenout ( I knew for sure I wasn't haha). I nearly fell down a set of stairs from dizziness, and as I entered my room, there is a mirror directly ahead. I caught myself in the mirror, absolutely pale as a ghost. It was like a horror movie and seeing myself like that literally scared the F**ck out of me. I layed down, tried to breath calmly, had some coke incase my sugar levels were low, I didn't drink that much as I thought it would make me spew. I tried to watch a funny movie to distract myself, tried to fall asleep but it only got worse. I was now curled in a ball, crying and yelling in discomfort. My legs and upper thighs were cramped and seizing and shaking. I was feeling a slow rising feeling if electricity flowing up my legs and slowly to my head. When it got to my head I was yell in agony. Not due to pain but discomfort. My heart was pounding like never before, but in my head I new it was the weed, but my body was reacting extremely badly to the point where it must be something else. I was no crying because I was so scared. I called my partner 20 times before he answered and told him to run to me asap. He was shocked when he seen me. Apparently I looked like a schizophrenic patient having a huge pshycotic meltdown. I asked him to talk to me, calm me down, just chat but it did nothing. I was still getting worse. I was worried this feeling could trigger a seizure, as stress like this can. I begged for an ambulance, which he didn't want to call, as he was also stoned and we live with his family. But I simply did not care, I was so much of a mess that i would happily tell anyone what happened if it ment getting this feeling to stop. Finally an ambulance arrived. They asked me what had happened and I told them exactly what happened. They said I could wait it out or get an intramuscular Injection of medazepam. But if I had the injection I would have to go to hospital. I said yes immediately and told them to hurry up as I didn't know how much more I could take. I remember waking up 5 hours later in hospital feeling drowzy. But the feeling was gone. I was told whilst sedated I fought of doctors and was held in the bed to get a cannula in my arm haha. They let me go as soon as I was fully awake. I then slept heaps of the next 2 days due to the medazepam. But after feeling normal again, I started having seizures alot. It's like it through my system out of wack. Smoking weed was one of the key medications to stopping my seizures, as the medication alone only reduced the amount I had. So after I stopped smoking the seizures began and so did the vast amount of side effects. I waited about a month before I tried to smoke again. Which sounds silly, but unless you know what seizures feel like and the side effects of the medication feels like, trying weed again was a great option.   I tried smoking in a comfortable setting at home with friends. How I always used to. I was slightly nervous about smoking again, incase that episode happened again. But also I was concerned about my tolerance changing. I decided to smoke a really really small bong. The smallest I had ever had. Thinking I will slowly work my way up to being high. But after that tiny amount, a minute later the episode started. I was calm about it and fought it off calmly. My friends knew because I wanted to warm them to feel safe. It wasn't as bad at first and thought I'd be better within a few minutes. But then I stood up and said "take me to hospital". Again sounds over the top, but this feeling is like no other Ive ever had. They drove me and dropped me off and again told the nurse what had happened. They were fine about it as it does happen to people I suppose. They give me a valium which calmed me down and made me sleepy, and the feeling quickly went away. I feel like it went away alot quicker due to having that small amount.  1 month later, I decided to have 1 more try. I rolled a small green joint. I used a full cigarette filter to limit the amount of smoke I could inhale. I had a great setting, just me and my partner. I lit the joint, had 1 puff and thought awsome I'll be fine. 2 minutes later and it started again.... This time I asked to go for a drive. My partner drove me around which kind of helped. I sipped on some juice and water to help me I'm guessing. But again it escalated to the point where I could bare the feeling. So once more I went to hospital. This time refusing anything but monitoring incase I had a seizure. I had the basic blood sugar, blood pressure and pulse reading done. All normal. Eventually the feeling finally passed after an hour and I went home, I felt week in my limbs.  So now I haven't had any weed in about 3 months. Continued having seizures nearly every day, had a medical ban on my liscence and could not be approved to go back to work until the seizures were under control. I sit with my friends when they smoke and can't have any, which I don't mind as I don't really crave weed. But I miss enjoying it with friends. After some research I decided to order some CBD oil and CBD vape juice with a T20 vape. The vape CBD I didn't really feel the effects unless I vaped heaps in a row. Which made me feel a little tired. The oil I dripped under my tongue and it was a high quality hemp CBD oil concerntrate. Which made me so relaxed and almost high, without pshycoactive high. I noticed a decrease in seizures after a few days.   The CBD is quite expensive and I have to be careful importing it to my country. It is legal, but only if ordered correctly. I can't afford to keep using CBD as i can't work due to my seizures. So I thought weed is a much cheaper option. How about smoking, but taking CBD to stop the negative effects of THC. So I would only need the CBD incase I had a bad high.  I've ordered 30mg CBD capsules, a high concentrate tincture like the last one I used and I will continue to use my CBD ejuice to vape.   My plan is too take the CBD capsules for 1 week  to get a feel of the dose. Im thinking twice a day and vaping as necessary. Vaping kind of tops of the relaxing feeling when it starts to wear off.  Then after 1 week I will start using the tincture at night before bed. When I feel comfortable with the dose, I want to take a few hits of a small joint sober. Except for the capsules being in my system. If I feel terrible after it, I plan on hitting the vape, recording how many hits I'm taking per minute until I feel better. If I still feel bad, I'm going to take a small amount of tincture and slowly increase the dose every 15 minutes until I feel better. As a last resort and all fails, I will try the peppercorn method 😂. Apparently sniffing peppercorns and eating them releaves a bad high due to almost being a cannabinoid itself.   I will record the data and give feedback on this post. If all else fails well I'm going to try and ride the bad trip out and time it, just to see how long it actually lasts. If it's too intense then I'll get some valium of a friend and be supervised by my partner. I literally want to be a guinea pig for those having the same problem as me. Because it is definitely a big deal at the moment.  The main reason of this post is to find anyone out there who had done a similar test, seen a friend or witness a similar test, has a story of it working perfectly with a method to work on, or if they have had a negative or no result from using CBD. I've heard so much about it stopping a bad high, but never directly heard proof or a story from someone personally.  You input or questions are a great help so fire away!
8zuci0,1396,1404,ADR,headspin,Lamotrigine,Lamotrigine,CBD for a bad high/weed induced panic attack/freaking out. Hey everyone, so over the past 6 months I've had a really bad situation with Mr. Ganja. I had absolutely no health issues before smoking weed and have smoked for a few years quite regularly. I only smoke green, as tobacco just gives me head spins and is not as enjoyable in a bong. I have controlled epilepsy, and the weed did not induce a seizure or anything like that. I'm currently on Lamotrigine 25mg twice a day, keppra 750mg twice a day and Trileptal 300mg twice a day. Haven't had issues with seizures or the side effects of the opiate based meds since smoking weed, hence why I started. I also have had no recognised form of mental health problems. I've greened out/whited out as in gotten sick and had headpins from smoking to much once before, and this experience I'm about to share is not at all the same.  I was well rested and had eaten, was sitting in a perfect setting with friends and had 2-3 green bowls over an hour and a half. Just regular to small size bowls. I smoke pretty much every night at the same time, with no negative effects, and get my cush from the same guy everytime, who also smokes the same stuff without any issues. Later into the night , I pulled a normal size bowl for me, and went to go play some pool with my partner and friends. It was like a switch was flicked. I had a massive, sudden singular headspin like no other before. The room was turned upside down and it felt like I was just kicked in the head. It almost made me fall over. I realised that that feeling can be a sign of greening out, even though when I had previously greened out years ago, the headspins where completely different. I shook it off without panic, although I was surprised. I walked over to the pool table and was slowly getting a bit wobbly and kind of faint and weak. My friends didn't even notice and I was still talking to them, thinking it would pass. I was really calm, as that's what you should be like when you feel like greening out. Suddenly I felt a strong sense of not only panic, but serious serious doom. Like I was going to die, or if you have played Farcry 5, like the scene where Jacob locks you in a simulation chamber and forces you to kill others. I had never experienced this before, and I was shaken to the absolute core. I have had a couple of panic attacks before, and this was nowhere near like that, and I was only young when I had them few panic attacks. I started to get really shakey and my hands trembled in fear. Still I kept a calm voice and said to my partner and my friend that I was feeling well, and I was going to go to bed and lay down. They asked if I was okay, and I just said I was possible going to greenout ( I knew for sure I wasn't haha). I nearly fell down a set of stairs from dizziness, and as I entered my room, there is a mirror directly ahead. I caught myself in the mirror, absolutely pale as a ghost. It was like a horror movie and seeing myself like that literally scared the F**ck out of me. I layed down, tried to breath calmly, had some coke incase my sugar levels were low, I didn't drink that much as I thought it would make me spew. I tried to watch a funny movie to distract myself, tried to fall asleep but it only got worse. I was now curled in a ball, crying and yelling in discomfort. My legs and upper thighs were cramped and seizing and shaking. I was feeling a slow rising feeling if electricity flowing up my legs and slowly to my head. When it got to my head I was yell in agony. Not due to pain but discomfort. My heart was pounding like never before, but in my head I new it was the weed, but my body was reacting extremely badly to the point where it must be something else. I was no crying because I was so scared. I called my partner 20 times before he answered and told him to run to me asap. He was shocked when he seen me. Apparently I looked like a schizophrenic patient having a huge pshycotic meltdown. I asked him to talk to me, calm me down, just chat but it did nothing. I was still getting worse. I was worried this feeling could trigger a seizure, as stress like this can. I begged for an ambulance, which he didn't want to call, as he was also stoned and we live with his family. But I simply did not care, I was so much of a mess that i would happily tell anyone what happened if it ment getting this feeling to stop. Finally an ambulance arrived. They asked me what had happened and I told them exactly what happened. They said I could wait it out or get an intramuscular Injection of medazepam. But if I had the injection I would have to go to hospital. I said yes immediately and told them to hurry up as I didn't know how much more I could take. I remember waking up 5 hours later in hospital feeling drowzy. But the feeling was gone. I was told whilst sedated I fought of doctors and was held in the bed to get a cannula in my arm haha. They let me go as soon as I was fully awake. I then slept heaps of the next 2 days due to the medazepam. But after feeling normal again, I started having seizures alot. It's like it through my system out of wack. Smoking weed was one of the key medications to stopping my seizures, as the medication alone only reduced the amount I had. So after I stopped smoking the seizures began and so did the vast amount of side effects. I waited about a month before I tried to smoke again. Which sounds silly, but unless you know what seizures feel like and the side effects of the medication feels like, trying weed again was a great option.   I tried smoking in a comfortable setting at home with friends. How I always used to. I was slightly nervous about smoking again, incase that episode happened again. But also I was concerned about my tolerance changing. I decided to smoke a really really small bong. The smallest I had ever had. Thinking I will slowly work my way up to being high. But after that tiny amount, a minute later the episode started. I was calm about it and fought it off calmly. My friends knew because I wanted to warm them to feel safe. It wasn't as bad at first and thought I'd be better within a few minutes. But then I stood up and said "take me to hospital". Again sounds over the top, but this feeling is like no other Ive ever had. They drove me and dropped me off and again told the nurse what had happened. They were fine about it as it does happen to people I suppose. They give me a valium which calmed me down and made me sleepy, and the feeling quickly went away. I feel like it went away alot quicker due to having that small amount.  1 month later, I decided to have 1 more try. I rolled a small green joint. I used a full cigarette filter to limit the amount of smoke I could inhale. I had a great setting, just me and my partner. I lit the joint, had 1 puff and thought awsome I'll be fine. 2 minutes later and it started again.... This time I asked to go for a drive. My partner drove me around which kind of helped. I sipped on some juice and water to help me I'm guessing. But again it escalated to the point where I could bare the feeling. So once more I went to hospital. This time refusing anything but monitoring incase I had a seizure. I had the basic blood sugar, blood pressure and pulse reading done. All normal. Eventually the feeling finally passed after an hour and I went home, I felt week in my limbs.  So now I haven't had any weed in about 3 months. Continued having seizures nearly every day, had a medical ban on my liscence and could not be approved to go back to work until the seizures were under control. I sit with my friends when they smoke and can't have any, which I don't mind as I don't really crave weed. But I miss enjoying it with friends. After some research I decided to order some CBD oil and CBD vape juice with a T20 vape. The vape CBD I didn't really feel the effects unless I vaped heaps in a row. Which made me feel a little tired. The oil I dripped under my tongue and it was a high quality hemp CBD oil concerntrate. Which made me so relaxed and almost high, without pshycoactive high. I noticed a decrease in seizures after a few days.   The CBD is quite expensive and I have to be careful importing it to my country. It is legal, but only if ordered correctly. I can't afford to keep using CBD as i can't work due to my seizures. So I thought weed is a much cheaper option. How about smoking, but taking CBD to stop the negative effects of THC. So I would only need the CBD incase I had a bad high.  I've ordered 30mg CBD capsules, a high concentrate tincture like the last one I used and I will continue to use my CBD ejuice to vape.   My plan is too take the CBD capsules for 1 week  to get a feel of the dose. Im thinking twice a day and vaping as necessary. Vaping kind of tops of the relaxing feeling when it starts to wear off.  Then after 1 week I will start using the tincture at night before bed. When I feel comfortable with the dose, I want to take a few hits of a small joint sober. Except for the capsules being in my system. If I feel terrible after it, I plan on hitting the vape, recording how many hits I'm taking per minute until I feel better. If I still feel bad, I'm going to take a small amount of tincture and slowly increase the dose every 15 minutes until I feel better. As a last resort and all fails, I will try the peppercorn method 😂. Apparently sniffing peppercorns and eating them releaves a bad high due to almost being a cannabinoid itself.   I will record the data and give feedback on this post. If all else fails well I'm going to try and ride the bad trip out and time it, just to see how long it actually lasts. If it's too intense then I'll get some valium of a friend and be supervised by my partner. I literally want to be a guinea pig for those having the same problem as me. Because it is definitely a big deal at the moment.  The main reason of this post is to find anyone out there who had done a similar test, seen a friend or witness a similar test, has a story of it working perfectly with a method to work on, or if they have had a negative or no result from using CBD. I've heard so much about it stopping a bad high, but never directly heard proof or a story from someone personally.  You input or questions are a great help so fire away!
8zuci0,32,37,ADR,panic,lamotrigine,lamotrigine,CBD for a bad high/weed induced panic attack/freaking out. Hey everyone, so over the past 6 months I've had a really bad situation with Mr. Ganja. I had absolutely no health issues before smoking weed and have smoked for a few years quite regularly. I only smoke green, as tobacco just gives me head spins and is not as enjoyable in a bong. I have controlled epilepsy, and the weed did not induce a seizure or anything like that. I'm currently on Lamotrigine 25mg twice a day, keppra 750mg twice a day and Trileptal 300mg twice a day. Haven't had issues with seizures or the side effects of the opiate based meds since smoking weed, hence why I started. I also have had no recognised form of mental health problems. I've greened out/whited out as in gotten sick and had headpins from smoking to much once before, and this experience I'm about to share is not at all the same.  I was well rested and had eaten, was sitting in a perfect setting with friends and had 2-3 green bowls over an hour and a half. Just regular to small size bowls. I smoke pretty much every night at the same time, with no negative effects, and get my cush from the same guy everytime, who also smokes the same stuff without any issues. Later into the night , I pulled a normal size bowl for me, and went to go play some pool with my partner and friends. It was like a switch was flicked. I had a massive, sudden singular headspin like no other before. The room was turned upside down and it felt like I was just kicked in the head. It almost made me fall over. I realised that that feeling can be a sign of greening out, even though when I had previously greened out years ago, the headspins where completely different. I shook it off without panic, although I was surprised. I walked over to the pool table and was slowly getting a bit wobbly and kind of faint and weak. My friends didn't even notice and I was still talking to them, thinking it would pass. I was really calm, as that's what you should be like when you feel like greening out. Suddenly I felt a strong sense of not only panic, but serious serious doom. Like I was going to die, or if you have played Farcry 5, like the scene where Jacob locks you in a simulation chamber and forces you to kill others. I had never experienced this before, and I was shaken to the absolute core. I have had a couple of panic attacks before, and this was nowhere near like that, and I was only young when I had them few panic attacks. I started to get really shakey and my hands trembled in fear. Still I kept a calm voice and said to my partner and my friend that I was feeling well, and I was going to go to bed and lay down. They asked if I was okay, and I just said I was possible going to greenout ( I knew for sure I wasn't haha). I nearly fell down a set of stairs from dizziness, and as I entered my room, there is a mirror directly ahead. I caught myself in the mirror, absolutely pale as a ghost. It was like a horror movie and seeing myself like that literally scared the F**ck out of me. I layed down, tried to breath calmly, had some coke incase my sugar levels were low, I didn't drink that much as I thought it would make me spew. I tried to watch a funny movie to distract myself, tried to fall asleep but it only got worse. I was now curled in a ball, crying and yelling in discomfort. My legs and upper thighs were cramped and seizing and shaking. I was feeling a slow rising feeling if electricity flowing up my legs and slowly to my head. When it got to my head I was yell in agony. Not due to pain but discomfort. My heart was pounding like never before, but in my head I new it was the weed, but my body was reacting extremely badly to the point where it must be something else. I was no crying because I was so scared. I called my partner 20 times before he answered and told him to run to me asap. He was shocked when he seen me. Apparently I looked like a schizophrenic patient having a huge pshycotic meltdown. I asked him to talk to me, calm me down, just chat but it did nothing. I was still getting worse. I was worried this feeling could trigger a seizure, as stress like this can. I begged for an ambulance, which he didn't want to call, as he was also stoned and we live with his family. But I simply did not care, I was so much of a mess that i would happily tell anyone what happened if it ment getting this feeling to stop. Finally an ambulance arrived. They asked me what had happened and I told them exactly what happened. They said I could wait it out or get an intramuscular Injection of medazepam. But if I had the injection I would have to go to hospital. I said yes immediately and told them to hurry up as I didn't know how much more I could take. I remember waking up 5 hours later in hospital feeling drowzy. But the feeling was gone. I was told whilst sedated I fought of doctors and was held in the bed to get a cannula in my arm haha. They let me go as soon as I was fully awake. I then slept heaps of the next 2 days due to the medazepam. But after feeling normal again, I started having seizures alot. It's like it through my system out of wack. Smoking weed was one of the key medications to stopping my seizures, as the medication alone only reduced the amount I had. So after I stopped smoking the seizures began and so did the vast amount of side effects. I waited about a month before I tried to smoke again. Which sounds silly, but unless you know what seizures feel like and the side effects of the medication feels like, trying weed again was a great option.   I tried smoking in a comfortable setting at home with friends. How I always used to. I was slightly nervous about smoking again, incase that episode happened again. But also I was concerned about my tolerance changing. I decided to smoke a really really small bong. The smallest I had ever had. Thinking I will slowly work my way up to being high. But after that tiny amount, a minute later the episode started. I was calm about it and fought it off calmly. My friends knew because I wanted to warm them to feel safe. It wasn't as bad at first and thought I'd be better within a few minutes. But then I stood up and said "take me to hospital". Again sounds over the top, but this feeling is like no other Ive ever had. They drove me and dropped me off and again told the nurse what had happened. They were fine about it as it does happen to people I suppose. They give me a valium which calmed me down and made me sleepy, and the feeling quickly went away. I feel like it went away alot quicker due to having that small amount.  1 month later, I decided to have 1 more try. I rolled a small green joint. I used a full cigarette filter to limit the amount of smoke I could inhale. I had a great setting, just me and my partner. I lit the joint, had 1 puff and thought awsome I'll be fine. 2 minutes later and it started again.... This time I asked to go for a drive. My partner drove me around which kind of helped. I sipped on some juice and water to help me I'm guessing. But again it escalated to the point where I could bare the feeling. So once more I went to hospital. This time refusing anything but monitoring incase I had a seizure. I had the basic blood sugar, blood pressure and pulse reading done. All normal. Eventually the feeling finally passed after an hour and I went home, I felt week in my limbs.  So now I haven't had any weed in about 3 months. Continued having seizures nearly every day, had a medical ban on my liscence and could not be approved to go back to work until the seizures were under control. I sit with my friends when they smoke and can't have any, which I don't mind as I don't really crave weed. But I miss enjoying it with friends. After some research I decided to order some CBD oil and CBD vape juice with a T20 vape. The vape CBD I didn't really feel the effects unless I vaped heaps in a row. Which made me feel a little tired. The oil I dripped under my tongue and it was a high quality hemp CBD oil concerntrate. Which made me so relaxed and almost high, without pshycoactive high. I noticed a decrease in seizures after a few days.   The CBD is quite expensive and I have to be careful importing it to my country. It is legal, but only if ordered correctly. I can't afford to keep using CBD as i can't work due to my seizures. So I thought weed is a much cheaper option. How about smoking, but taking CBD to stop the negative effects of THC. So I would only need the CBD incase I had a bad high.  I've ordered 30mg CBD capsules, a high concentrate tincture like the last one I used and I will continue to use my CBD ejuice to vape.   My plan is too take the CBD capsules for 1 week  to get a feel of the dose. Im thinking twice a day and vaping as necessary. Vaping kind of tops of the relaxing feeling when it starts to wear off.  Then after 1 week I will start using the tincture at night before bed. When I feel comfortable with the dose, I want to take a few hits of a small joint sober. Except for the capsules being in my system. If I feel terrible after it, I plan on hitting the vape, recording how many hits I'm taking per minute until I feel better. If I still feel bad, I'm going to take a small amount of tincture and slowly increase the dose every 15 minutes until I feel better. As a last resort and all fails, I will try the peppercorn method 😂. Apparently sniffing peppercorns and eating them releaves a bad high due to almost being a cannabinoid itself.   I will record the data and give feedback on this post. If all else fails well I'm going to try and ride the bad trip out and time it, just to see how long it actually lasts. If it's too intense then I'll get some valium of a friend and be supervised by my partner. I literally want to be a guinea pig for those having the same problem as me. Because it is definitely a big deal at the moment.  The main reason of this post is to find anyone out there who had done a similar test, seen a friend or witness a similar test, has a story of it working perfectly with a method to work on, or if they have had a negative or no result from using CBD. I've heard so much about it stopping a bad high, but never directly heard proof or a story from someone personally.  You input or questions are a great help so fire away!
8zuci0,559,567,ADR,seizures,Lamotrigine,Lamotrigine,CBD for a bad high/weed induced panic attack/freaking out. Hey everyone, so over the past 6 months I've had a really bad situation with Mr. Ganja. I had absolutely no health issues before smoking weed and have smoked for a few years quite regularly. I only smoke green, as tobacco just gives me head spins and is not as enjoyable in a bong. I have controlled epilepsy, and the weed did not induce a seizure or anything like that. I'm currently on Lamotrigine 25mg twice a day, keppra 750mg twice a day and Trileptal 300mg twice a day. Haven't had issues with seizures or the side effects of the opiate based meds since smoking weed, hence why I started. I also have had no recognised form of mental health problems. I've greened out/whited out as in gotten sick and had headpins from smoking to much once before, and this experience I'm about to share is not at all the same.  I was well rested and had eaten, was sitting in a perfect setting with friends and had 2-3 green bowls over an hour and a half. Just regular to small size bowls. I smoke pretty much every night at the same time, with no negative effects, and get my cush from the same guy everytime, who also smokes the same stuff without any issues. Later into the night , I pulled a normal size bowl for me, and went to go play some pool with my partner and friends. It was like a switch was flicked. I had a massive, sudden singular headspin like no other before. The room was turned upside down and it felt like I was just kicked in the head. It almost made me fall over. I realised that that feeling can be a sign of greening out, even though when I had previously greened out years ago, the headspins where completely different. I shook it off without panic, although I was surprised. I walked over to the pool table and was slowly getting a bit wobbly and kind of faint and weak. My friends didn't even notice and I was still talking to them, thinking it would pass. I was really calm, as that's what you should be like when you feel like greening out. Suddenly I felt a strong sense of not only panic, but serious serious doom. Like I was going to die, or if you have played Farcry 5, like the scene where Jacob locks you in a simulation chamber and forces you to kill others. I had never experienced this before, and I was shaken to the absolute core. I have had a couple of panic attacks before, and this was nowhere near like that, and I was only young when I had them few panic attacks. I started to get really shakey and my hands trembled in fear. Still I kept a calm voice and said to my partner and my friend that I was feeling well, and I was going to go to bed and lay down. They asked if I was okay, and I just said I was possible going to greenout ( I knew for sure I wasn't haha). I nearly fell down a set of stairs from dizziness, and as I entered my room, there is a mirror directly ahead. I caught myself in the mirror, absolutely pale as a ghost. It was like a horror movie and seeing myself like that literally scared the F**ck out of me. I layed down, tried to breath calmly, had some coke incase my sugar levels were low, I didn't drink that much as I thought it would make me spew. I tried to watch a funny movie to distract myself, tried to fall asleep but it only got worse. I was now curled in a ball, crying and yelling in discomfort. My legs and upper thighs were cramped and seizing and shaking. I was feeling a slow rising feeling if electricity flowing up my legs and slowly to my head. When it got to my head I was yell in agony. Not due to pain but discomfort. My heart was pounding like never before, but in my head I new it was the weed, but my body was reacting extremely badly to the point where it must be something else. I was no crying because I was so scared. I called my partner 20 times before he answered and told him to run to me asap. He was shocked when he seen me. Apparently I looked like a schizophrenic patient having a huge pshycotic meltdown. I asked him to talk to me, calm me down, just chat but it did nothing. I was still getting worse. I was worried this feeling could trigger a seizure, as stress like this can. I begged for an ambulance, which he didn't want to call, as he was also stoned and we live with his family. But I simply did not care, I was so much of a mess that i would happily tell anyone what happened if it ment getting this feeling to stop. Finally an ambulance arrived. They asked me what had happened and I told them exactly what happened. They said I could wait it out or get an intramuscular Injection of medazepam. But if I had the injection I would have to go to hospital. I said yes immediately and told them to hurry up as I didn't know how much more I could take. I remember waking up 5 hours later in hospital feeling drowzy. But the feeling was gone. I was told whilst sedated I fought of doctors and was held in the bed to get a cannula in my arm haha. They let me go as soon as I was fully awake. I then slept heaps of the next 2 days due to the medazepam. But after feeling normal again, I started having seizures alot. It's like it through my system out of wack. Smoking weed was one of the key medications to stopping my seizures, as the medication alone only reduced the amount I had. So after I stopped smoking the seizures began and so did the vast amount of side effects. I waited about a month before I tried to smoke again. Which sounds silly, but unless you know what seizures feel like and the side effects of the medication feels like, trying weed again was a great option.   I tried smoking in a comfortable setting at home with friends. How I always used to. I was slightly nervous about smoking again, incase that episode happened again. But also I was concerned about my tolerance changing. I decided to smoke a really really small bong. The smallest I had ever had. Thinking I will slowly work my way up to being high. But after that tiny amount, a minute later the episode started. I was calm about it and fought it off calmly. My friends knew because I wanted to warm them to feel safe. It wasn't as bad at first and thought I'd be better within a few minutes. But then I stood up and said "take me to hospital". Again sounds over the top, but this feeling is like no other Ive ever had. They drove me and dropped me off and again told the nurse what had happened. They were fine about it as it does happen to people I suppose. They give me a valium which calmed me down and made me sleepy, and the feeling quickly went away. I feel like it went away alot quicker due to having that small amount.  1 month later, I decided to have 1 more try. I rolled a small green joint. I used a full cigarette filter to limit the amount of smoke I could inhale. I had a great setting, just me and my partner. I lit the joint, had 1 puff and thought awsome I'll be fine. 2 minutes later and it started again.... This time I asked to go for a drive. My partner drove me around which kind of helped. I sipped on some juice and water to help me I'm guessing. But again it escalated to the point where I could bare the feeling. So once more I went to hospital. This time refusing anything but monitoring incase I had a seizure. I had the basic blood sugar, blood pressure and pulse reading done. All normal. Eventually the feeling finally passed after an hour and I went home, I felt week in my limbs.  So now I haven't had any weed in about 3 months. Continued having seizures nearly every day, had a medical ban on my liscence and could not be approved to go back to work until the seizures were under control. I sit with my friends when they smoke and can't have any, which I don't mind as I don't really crave weed. But I miss enjoying it with friends. After some research I decided to order some CBD oil and CBD vape juice with a T20 vape. The vape CBD I didn't really feel the effects unless I vaped heaps in a row. Which made me feel a little tired. The oil I dripped under my tongue and it was a high quality hemp CBD oil concerntrate. Which made me so relaxed and almost high, without pshycoactive high. I noticed a decrease in seizures after a few days.   The CBD is quite expensive and I have to be careful importing it to my country. It is legal, but only if ordered correctly. I can't afford to keep using CBD as i can't work due to my seizures. So I thought weed is a much cheaper option. How about smoking, but taking CBD to stop the negative effects of THC. So I would only need the CBD incase I had a bad high.  I've ordered 30mg CBD capsules, a high concentrate tincture like the last one I used and I will continue to use my CBD ejuice to vape.   My plan is too take the CBD capsules for 1 week  to get a feel of the dose. Im thinking twice a day and vaping as necessary. Vaping kind of tops of the relaxing feeling when it starts to wear off.  Then after 1 week I will start using the tincture at night before bed. When I feel comfortable with the dose, I want to take a few hits of a small joint sober. Except for the capsules being in my system. If I feel terrible after it, I plan on hitting the vape, recording how many hits I'm taking per minute until I feel better. If I still feel bad, I'm going to take a small amount of tincture and slowly increase the dose every 15 minutes until I feel better. As a last resort and all fails, I will try the peppercorn method 😂. Apparently sniffing peppercorns and eating them releaves a bad high due to almost being a cannabinoid itself.   I will record the data and give feedback on this post. If all else fails well I'm going to try and ride the bad trip out and time it, just to see how long it actually lasts. If it's too intense then I'll get some valium of a friend and be supervised by my partner. I literally want to be a guinea pig for those having the same problem as me. Because it is definitely a big deal at the moment.  The main reason of this post is to find anyone out there who had done a similar test, seen a friend or witness a similar test, has a story of it working perfectly with a method to work on, or if they have had a negative or no result from using CBD. I've heard so much about it stopping a bad high, but never directly heard proof or a story from someone personally.  You input or questions are a great help so fire away!
8zuci0,5742,5751,ADR,tolerance,Lamotrigine,Lamotrigine,CBD for a bad high/weed induced panic attack/freaking out. Hey everyone, so over the past 6 months I've had a really bad situation with Mr. Ganja. I had absolutely no health issues before smoking weed and have smoked for a few years quite regularly. I only smoke green, as tobacco just gives me head spins and is not as enjoyable in a bong. I have controlled epilepsy, and the weed did not induce a seizure or anything like that. I'm currently on Lamotrigine 25mg twice a day, keppra 750mg twice a day and Trileptal 300mg twice a day. Haven't had issues with seizures or the side effects of the opiate based meds since smoking weed, hence why I started. I also have had no recognised form of mental health problems. I've greened out/whited out as in gotten sick and had headpins from smoking to much once before, and this experience I'm about to share is not at all the same.  I was well rested and had eaten, was sitting in a perfect setting with friends and had 2-3 green bowls over an hour and a half. Just regular to small size bowls. I smoke pretty much every night at the same time, with no negative effects, and get my cush from the same guy everytime, who also smokes the same stuff without any issues. Later into the night , I pulled a normal size bowl for me, and went to go play some pool with my partner and friends. It was like a switch was flicked. I had a massive, sudden singular headspin like no other before. The room was turned upside down and it felt like I was just kicked in the head. It almost made me fall over. I realised that that feeling can be a sign of greening out, even though when I had previously greened out years ago, the headspins where completely different. I shook it off without panic, although I was surprised. I walked over to the pool table and was slowly getting a bit wobbly and kind of faint and weak. My friends didn't even notice and I was still talking to them, thinking it would pass. I was really calm, as that's what you should be like when you feel like greening out. Suddenly I felt a strong sense of not only panic, but serious serious doom. Like I was going to die, or if you have played Farcry 5, like the scene where Jacob locks you in a simulation chamber and forces you to kill others. I had never experienced this before, and I was shaken to the absolute core. I have had a couple of panic attacks before, and this was nowhere near like that, and I was only young when I had them few panic attacks. I started to get really shakey and my hands trembled in fear. Still I kept a calm voice and said to my partner and my friend that I was feeling well, and I was going to go to bed and lay down. They asked if I was okay, and I just said I was possible going to greenout ( I knew for sure I wasn't haha). I nearly fell down a set of stairs from dizziness, and as I entered my room, there is a mirror directly ahead. I caught myself in the mirror, absolutely pale as a ghost. It was like a horror movie and seeing myself like that literally scared the F**ck out of me. I layed down, tried to breath calmly, had some coke incase my sugar levels were low, I didn't drink that much as I thought it would make me spew. I tried to watch a funny movie to distract myself, tried to fall asleep but it only got worse. I was now curled in a ball, crying and yelling in discomfort. My legs and upper thighs were cramped and seizing and shaking. I was feeling a slow rising feeling if electricity flowing up my legs and slowly to my head. When it got to my head I was yell in agony. Not due to pain but discomfort. My heart was pounding like never before, but in my head I new it was the weed, but my body was reacting extremely badly to the point where it must be something else. I was no crying because I was so scared. I called my partner 20 times before he answered and told him to run to me asap. He was shocked when he seen me. Apparently I looked like a schizophrenic patient having a huge pshycotic meltdown. I asked him to talk to me, calm me down, just chat but it did nothing. I was still getting worse. I was worried this feeling could trigger a seizure, as stress like this can. I begged for an ambulance, which he didn't want to call, as he was also stoned and we live with his family. But I simply did not care, I was so much of a mess that i would happily tell anyone what happened if it ment getting this feeling to stop. Finally an ambulance arrived. They asked me what had happened and I told them exactly what happened. They said I could wait it out or get an intramuscular Injection of medazepam. But if I had the injection I would have to go to hospital. I said yes immediately and told them to hurry up as I didn't know how much more I could take. I remember waking up 5 hours later in hospital feeling drowzy. But the feeling was gone. I was told whilst sedated I fought of doctors and was held in the bed to get a cannula in my arm haha. They let me go as soon as I was fully awake. I then slept heaps of the next 2 days due to the medazepam. But after feeling normal again, I started having seizures alot. It's like it through my system out of wack. Smoking weed was one of the key medications to stopping my seizures, as the medication alone only reduced the amount I had. So after I stopped smoking the seizures began and so did the vast amount of side effects. I waited about a month before I tried to smoke again. Which sounds silly, but unless you know what seizures feel like and the side effects of the medication feels like, trying weed again was a great option.   I tried smoking in a comfortable setting at home with friends. How I always used to. I was slightly nervous about smoking again, incase that episode happened again. But also I was concerned about my tolerance changing. I decided to smoke a really really small bong. The smallest I had ever had. Thinking I will slowly work my way up to being high. But after that tiny amount, a minute later the episode started. I was calm about it and fought it off calmly. My friends knew because I wanted to warm them to feel safe. It wasn't as bad at first and thought I'd be better within a few minutes. But then I stood up and said "take me to hospital". Again sounds over the top, but this feeling is like no other Ive ever had. They drove me and dropped me off and again told the nurse what had happened. They were fine about it as it does happen to people I suppose. They give me a valium which calmed me down and made me sleepy, and the feeling quickly went away. I feel like it went away alot quicker due to having that small amount.  1 month later, I decided to have 1 more try. I rolled a small green joint. I used a full cigarette filter to limit the amount of smoke I could inhale. I had a great setting, just me and my partner. I lit the joint, had 1 puff and thought awsome I'll be fine. 2 minutes later and it started again.... This time I asked to go for a drive. My partner drove me around which kind of helped. I sipped on some juice and water to help me I'm guessing. But again it escalated to the point where I could bare the feeling. So once more I went to hospital. This time refusing anything but monitoring incase I had a seizure. I had the basic blood sugar, blood pressure and pulse reading done. All normal. Eventually the feeling finally passed after an hour and I went home, I felt week in my limbs.  So now I haven't had any weed in about 3 months. Continued having seizures nearly every day, had a medical ban on my liscence and could not be approved to go back to work until the seizures were under control. I sit with my friends when they smoke and can't have any, which I don't mind as I don't really crave weed. But I miss enjoying it with friends. After some research I decided to order some CBD oil and CBD vape juice with a T20 vape. The vape CBD I didn't really feel the effects unless I vaped heaps in a row. Which made me feel a little tired. The oil I dripped under my tongue and it was a high quality hemp CBD oil concerntrate. Which made me so relaxed and almost high, without pshycoactive high. I noticed a decrease in seizures after a few days.   The CBD is quite expensive and I have to be careful importing it to my country. It is legal, but only if ordered correctly. I can't afford to keep using CBD as i can't work due to my seizures. So I thought weed is a much cheaper option. How about smoking, but taking CBD to stop the negative effects of THC. So I would only need the CBD incase I had a bad high.  I've ordered 30mg CBD capsules, a high concentrate tincture like the last one I used and I will continue to use my CBD ejuice to vape.   My plan is too take the CBD capsules for 1 week  to get a feel of the dose. Im thinking twice a day and vaping as necessary. Vaping kind of tops of the relaxing feeling when it starts to wear off.  Then after 1 week I will start using the tincture at night before bed. When I feel comfortable with the dose, I want to take a few hits of a small joint sober. Except for the capsules being in my system. If I feel terrible after it, I plan on hitting the vape, recording how many hits I'm taking per minute until I feel better. If I still feel bad, I'm going to take a small amount of tincture and slowly increase the dose every 15 minutes until I feel better. As a last resort and all fails, I will try the peppercorn method 😂. Apparently sniffing peppercorns and eating them releaves a bad high due to almost being a cannabinoid itself.   I will record the data and give feedback on this post. If all else fails well I'm going to try and ride the bad trip out and time it, just to see how long it actually lasts. If it's too intense then I'll get some valium of a friend and be supervised by my partner. I literally want to be a guinea pig for those having the same problem as me. Because it is definitely a big deal at the moment.  The main reason of this post is to find anyone out there who had done a similar test, seen a friend or witness a similar test, has a story of it working perfectly with a method to work on, or if they have had a negative or no result from using CBD. I've heard so much about it stopping a bad high, but never directly heard proof or a story from someone personally.  You input or questions are a great help so fire away!
8zuci0,10,18,ADR,bad high,CBD,CBD,CBD for a bad high/weed induced panic attack/freaking out. Hey everyone, so over the past 6 months I've had a really bad situation with Mr. Ganja. I had absolutely no health issues before smoking weed and have smoked for a few years quite regularly. I only smoke green, as tobacco just gives me head spins and is not as enjoyable in a bong. I have controlled epilepsy, and the weed did not induce a seizure or anything like that. I'm currently on Lamotrigine 25mg twice a day, keppra 750mg twice a day and Trileptal 300mg twice a day. Haven't had issues with seizures or the side effects of the opiate based meds since smoking weed, hence why I started. I also have had no recognised form of mental health problems. I've greened out/whited out as in gotten sick and had headpins from smoking to much once before, and this experience I'm about to share is not at all the same.  I was well rested and had eaten, was sitting in a perfect setting with friends and had 2-3 green bowls over an hour and a half. Just regular to small size bowls. I smoke pretty much every night at the same time, with no negative effects, and get my cush from the same guy everytime, who also smokes the same stuff without any issues. Later into the night , I pulled a normal size bowl for me, and went to go play some pool with my partner and friends. It was like a switch was flicked. I had a massive, sudden singular headspin like no other before. The room was turned upside down and it felt like I was just kicked in the head. It almost made me fall over. I realised that that feeling can be a sign of greening out, even though when I had previously greened out years ago, the headspins where completely different. I shook it off without panic, although I was surprised. I walked over to the pool table and was slowly getting a bit wobbly and kind of faint and weak. My friends didn't even notice and I was still talking to them, thinking it would pass. I was really calm, as that's what you should be like when you feel like greening out. Suddenly I felt a strong sense of not only panic, but serious serious doom. Like I was going to die, or if you have played Farcry 5, like the scene where Jacob locks you in a simulation chamber and forces you to kill others. I had never experienced this before, and I was shaken to the absolute core. I have had a couple of panic attacks before, and this was nowhere near like that, and I was only young when I had them few panic attacks. I started to get really shakey and my hands trembled in fear. Still I kept a calm voice and said to my partner and my friend that I was feeling well, and I was going to go to bed and lay down. They asked if I was okay, and I just said I was possible going to greenout ( I knew for sure I wasn't haha). I nearly fell down a set of stairs from dizziness, and as I entered my room, there is a mirror directly ahead. I caught myself in the mirror, absolutely pale as a ghost. It was like a horror movie and seeing myself like that literally scared the F**ck out of me. I layed down, tried to breath calmly, had some coke incase my sugar levels were low, I didn't drink that much as I thought it would make me spew. I tried to watch a funny movie to distract myself, tried to fall asleep but it only got worse. I was now curled in a ball, crying and yelling in discomfort. My legs and upper thighs were cramped and seizing and shaking. I was feeling a slow rising feeling if electricity flowing up my legs and slowly to my head. When it got to my head I was yell in agony. Not due to pain but discomfort. My heart was pounding like never before, but in my head I new it was the weed, but my body was reacting extremely badly to the point where it must be something else. I was no crying because I was so scared. I called my partner 20 times before he answered and told him to run to me asap. He was shocked when he seen me. Apparently I looked like a schizophrenic patient having a huge pshycotic meltdown. I asked him to talk to me, calm me down, just chat but it did nothing. I was still getting worse. I was worried this feeling could trigger a seizure, as stress like this can. I begged for an ambulance, which he didn't want to call, as he was also stoned and we live with his family. But I simply did not care, I was so much of a mess that i would happily tell anyone what happened if it ment getting this feeling to stop. Finally an ambulance arrived. They asked me what had happened and I told them exactly what happened. They said I could wait it out or get an intramuscular Injection of medazepam. But if I had the injection I would have to go to hospital. I said yes immediately and told them to hurry up as I didn't know how much more I could take. I remember waking up 5 hours later in hospital feeling drowzy. But the feeling was gone. I was told whilst sedated I fought of doctors and was held in the bed to get a cannula in my arm haha. They let me go as soon as I was fully awake. I then slept heaps of the next 2 days due to the medazepam. But after feeling normal again, I started having seizures alot. It's like it through my system out of wack. Smoking weed was one of the key medications to stopping my seizures, as the medication alone only reduced the amount I had. So after I stopped smoking the seizures began and so did the vast amount of side effects. I waited about a month before I tried to smoke again. Which sounds silly, but unless you know what seizures feel like and the side effects of the medication feels like, trying weed again was a great option.   I tried smoking in a comfortable setting at home with friends. How I always used to. I was slightly nervous about smoking again, incase that episode happened again. But also I was concerned about my tolerance changing. I decided to smoke a really really small bong. The smallest I had ever had. Thinking I will slowly work my way up to being high. But after that tiny amount, a minute later the episode started. I was calm about it and fought it off calmly. My friends knew because I wanted to warm them to feel safe. It wasn't as bad at first and thought I'd be better within a few minutes. But then I stood up and said "take me to hospital". Again sounds over the top, but this feeling is like no other Ive ever had. They drove me and dropped me off and again told the nurse what had happened. They were fine about it as it does happen to people I suppose. They give me a valium which calmed me down and made me sleepy, and the feeling quickly went away. I feel like it went away alot quicker due to having that small amount.  1 month later, I decided to have 1 more try. I rolled a small green joint. I used a full cigarette filter to limit the amount of smoke I could inhale. I had a great setting, just me and my partner. I lit the joint, had 1 puff and thought awsome I'll be fine. 2 minutes later and it started again.... This time I asked to go for a drive. My partner drove me around which kind of helped. I sipped on some juice and water to help me I'm guessing. But again it escalated to the point where I could bare the feeling. So once more I went to hospital. This time refusing anything but monitoring incase I had a seizure. I had the basic blood sugar, blood pressure and pulse reading done. All normal. Eventually the feeling finally passed after an hour and I went home, I felt week in my limbs.  So now I haven't had any weed in about 3 months. Continued having seizures nearly every day, had a medical ban on my liscence and could not be approved to go back to work until the seizures were under control. I sit with my friends when they smoke and can't have any, which I don't mind as I don't really crave weed. But I miss enjoying it with friends. After some research I decided to order some CBD oil and CBD vape juice with a T20 vape. The vape CBD I didn't really feel the effects unless I vaped heaps in a row. Which made me feel a little tired. The oil I dripped under my tongue and it was a high quality hemp CBD oil concerntrate. Which made me so relaxed and almost high, without pshycoactive high. I noticed a decrease in seizures after a few days.   The CBD is quite expensive and I have to be careful importing it to my country. It is legal, but only if ordered correctly. I can't afford to keep using CBD as i can't work due to my seizures. So I thought weed is a much cheaper option. How about smoking, but taking CBD to stop the negative effects of THC. So I would only need the CBD incase I had a bad high.  I've ordered 30mg CBD capsules, a high concentrate tincture like the last one I used and I will continue to use my CBD ejuice to vape.   My plan is too take the CBD capsules for 1 week  to get a feel of the dose. Im thinking twice a day and vaping as necessary. Vaping kind of tops of the relaxing feeling when it starts to wear off.  Then after 1 week I will start using the tincture at night before bed. When I feel comfortable with the dose, I want to take a few hits of a small joint sober. Except for the capsules being in my system. If I feel terrible after it, I plan on hitting the vape, recording how many hits I'm taking per minute until I feel better. If I still feel bad, I'm going to take a small amount of tincture and slowly increase the dose every 15 minutes until I feel better. As a last resort and all fails, I will try the peppercorn method 😂. Apparently sniffing peppercorns and eating them releaves a bad high due to almost being a cannabinoid itself.   I will record the data and give feedback on this post. If all else fails well I'm going to try and ride the bad trip out and time it, just to see how long it actually lasts. If it's too intense then I'll get some valium of a friend and be supervised by my partner. I literally want to be a guinea pig for those having the same problem as me. Because it is definitely a big deal at the moment.  The main reason of this post is to find anyone out there who had done a similar test, seen a friend or witness a similar test, has a story of it working perfectly with a method to work on, or if they have had a negative or no result from using CBD. I've heard so much about it stopping a bad high, but never directly heard proof or a story from someone personally.  You input or questions are a great help so fire away!
8zk7as,214,229,ADR,hypomanic state,lamotrigine,lamotrigine,Newbie Bipolar boi questions on reactions to some med Hi all, So I've just been diagnosed as of two days ago as being bi-polar 2 and given Lamotrigine to take every day and Quetiapine for when I start getting to a hypomanic state.     I started  the Lamotrigine this morning at a super low dose of 5mg, took that this morning, nothing seems much different as expected till we work to a higher dose.     I have been hitting my more elevated state the last few days though and definitely today have the normal signs that I can pick up on that I'm feeling a little too good so I took some Quetiapine (25mg) to try and calm that down, that was maybe three hours ago and I feel like I have had three coffees.     I figure the Lamotrigine is too low to be having this effect and I didn't have this level of energy and racing thoughts till after the Quetiapine, anyone else experienced anything similar? I'm mainly confused cause I understand Quetiapine is supposed to have a sedating effect and usually I'm super sensitive to those and will just conk right out with an hour :/     Thanks to any and all who read and for any input you may have.
8zfy12,600,605,ADR,crazy,lamotrigine,lamotrigine,I think I have BPD and no one will ever want to love me I tried to kill myself three times in my life. Last time I jumped off a building and somehow survived. I’m so scared of living. I have a toddler to raise and I’m so guilty that I gave him my genes. His dad hates me and says I have BPD. Everything I read says there’s no cure and people should avoid relationships with BPD sufferers.   My family was abusive and not ever supportive.   I hold down a good job and friendships.   I hate myself, I’m a failure and I’m so scared of the future.  I tried the usual BPD drugs and they just made me feel crazy (lamotrigine and seroquel). I’m not on escitalopram which is anti anxiety, it works well.
8zdb0e,632,638,ADR,nausea,paxil,paxil,Paxil withdrawal I was talking 30mg paxil for just over 2 months without feeling any positive changes. The most dominant side effect that I had was I always tired. Considering my depression keeps me in bed for extended periods of time paxil definitely made it worse. I would need to have a nap immediately after work, go to bed early, and could barely wake up enough to drive safely.  I had taken trintillex before trying paxil and it was an eye opener. I felt so different. I had energy and was generally happier. But it made me so sick. It would come up almost immediately after I took it. I would lay there and fight it, but the nausea always won in the end. I started talking half of my dose in the morning and the other at night and it helped for a brief period. It became so bad that the thought of taking any pill would make me feel nauseated. I also take lamotrigine and was finding it near impossible to take.  So, now I'm coming off of paxil and suffering some terrible withdrawal symptoms. I sweat like crazy and generally feel like I'm running hotter than normal. My dreams are increasingly odd and wake up in cold sweats. Brain zaps... Omg... Anytime I move my eyes, or head. They're so bad I'm nervous to drive, which is a huge part of my job. I have diarrhea and I work out of my truck so I don't have a bathroom readily available which makes that symptom 100% worse. I can't stop crying. I have coworkers and customers to deal with and i start crying even worse because i feel so stupid i can't face anyone. I'm extremely irritable about the weirdest things. I feel like I've been reading situations incorrectly too. I've felt intimidated, scared, and like i was in danger by others conversations thinking a fight is about to happen. Which doesn't make sense when i think back on the situation and where literally no harsh words were exchanged. I just feel like a wreck...  I went home sick today and have used more sick days then i have available. I can't see my dr for another 2 days, but I've requested for my company's health program to get in touch with me. I've never taken a sick leave before and although i feel like i need some time off for these symptoms to disappear i don't know if these reasons are enough.  I feel like these symptoms are all in my head and I'm feeling guilty for wanting to take time off. :(
8zdb0e,6,16,ADR,withdrawal,paxil,paxil,Paxil withdrawal I was talking 30mg paxil for just over 2 months without feeling any positive changes. The most dominant side effect that I had was I always tired. Considering my depression keeps me in bed for extended periods of time paxil definitely made it worse. I would need to have a nap immediately after work, go to bed early, and could barely wake up enough to drive safely.  I had taken trintillex before trying paxil and it was an eye opener. I felt so different. I had energy and was generally happier. But it made me so sick. It would come up almost immediately after I took it. I would lay there and fight it, but the nausea always won in the end. I started talking half of my dose in the morning and the other at night and it helped for a brief period. It became so bad that the thought of taking any pill would make me feel nauseated. I also take lamotrigine and was finding it near impossible to take.  So, now I'm coming off of paxil and suffering some terrible withdrawal symptoms. I sweat like crazy and generally feel like I'm running hotter than normal. My dreams are increasingly odd and wake up in cold sweats. Brain zaps... Omg... Anytime I move my eyes, or head. They're so bad I'm nervous to drive, which is a huge part of my job. I have diarrhea and I work out of my truck so I don't have a bathroom readily available which makes that symptom 100% worse. I can't stop crying. I have coworkers and customers to deal with and i start crying even worse because i feel so stupid i can't face anyone. I'm extremely irritable about the weirdest things. I feel like I've been reading situations incorrectly too. I've felt intimidated, scared, and like i was in danger by others conversations thinking a fight is about to happen. Which doesn't make sense when i think back on the situation and where literally no harsh words were exchanged. I just feel like a wreck...  I went home sick today and have used more sick days then i have available. I can't see my dr for another 2 days, but I've requested for my company's health program to get in touch with me. I've never taken a sick leave before and although i feel like i need some time off for these symptoms to disappear i don't know if these reasons are enough.  I feel like these symptoms are all in my head and I'm feeling guilty for wanting to take time off. :(
8zdb0e,1265,1273,ADR,diarrhea,paxil,paxil,Paxil withdrawal I was talking 30mg paxil for just over 2 months without feeling any positive changes. The most dominant side effect that I had was I always tired. Considering my depression keeps me in bed for extended periods of time paxil definitely made it worse. I would need to have a nap immediately after work, go to bed early, and could barely wake up enough to drive safely.  I had taken trintillex before trying paxil and it was an eye opener. I felt so different. I had energy and was generally happier. But it made me so sick. It would come up almost immediately after I took it. I would lay there and fight it, but the nausea always won in the end. I started talking half of my dose in the morning and the other at night and it helped for a brief period. It became so bad that the thought of taking any pill would make me feel nauseated. I also take lamotrigine and was finding it near impossible to take.  So, now I'm coming off of paxil and suffering some terrible withdrawal symptoms. I sweat like crazy and generally feel like I'm running hotter than normal. My dreams are increasingly odd and wake up in cold sweats. Brain zaps... Omg... Anytime I move my eyes, or head. They're so bad I'm nervous to drive, which is a huge part of my job. I have diarrhea and I work out of my truck so I don't have a bathroom readily available which makes that symptom 100% worse. I can't stop crying. I have coworkers and customers to deal with and i start crying even worse because i feel so stupid i can't face anyone. I'm extremely irritable about the weirdest things. I feel like I've been reading situations incorrectly too. I've felt intimidated, scared, and like i was in danger by others conversations thinking a fight is about to happen. Which doesn't make sense when i think back on the situation and where literally no harsh words were exchanged. I just feel like a wreck...  I went home sick today and have used more sick days then i have available. I can't see my dr for another 2 days, but I've requested for my company's health program to get in touch with me. I've never taken a sick leave before and although i feel like i need some time off for these symptoms to disappear i don't know if these reasons are enough.  I feel like these symptoms are all in my head and I'm feeling guilty for wanting to take time off. :(
8z8e5j,202,208,ADR,droopy,lamotrigine,lamotrigine,Right side of body droops I’m a 20 year old female, 5’10” and BMI 18. In good shape, smoker. Lamotrigine 600mg daily for epilepsy.   For years I’ve observed that the right side of my body is noticeably droopy. Everything including my face, my boobs and shoulders, my legs. I assumed it had to do with unequal leg length, but that doesn’t account for my face. There is no numbness or tingling.   I haven’t brought this up to any doctor. Ive had many seizures and I’m curious if there is a correlation between the two.   I have generalized and focal epilepsy. Focal epilepsy originates from the left temporal lobe. I’ve heard that the left side of your brain controls the right side of your body. Is it possible the seizures that have occurred in the left temporal lobe have affected my body in this way?
8yz4ol,582,587,ADR,mania,lamotrigine,lamotrigine,New to community got some questions Hello all,    I believe I either have borderline or bipolar II but haven't gotten a diagnosis. I am on 100mg of lamotrigine and also 50mg of setraline. I finally got to 100mg of lamotrigine a couple days ago and today I felt very productive and energized-- to the point where I cleaned my whole apartment before noon, visited a coffee shop, and then went for a run on the beach with my dog (something I haven't done in over a year). Now it's 12am and I feel wide awake.   I've heard that if lamotrigine doesn't work for you, that it will trigger mania, but maybe I'm being too skeptical and should just appreciate the good energy?   I'm usually very irritable, sometimes over very minute things and that is my number one issue. I've also just recently come out of an extremely long period of depression that's lasted over a year hence the setraline. When I started that I felt very euphoric for a week or so in the mornings and and during random hours would find myself singing loud and happily driving my car. It has long worn off though.   Just wanted some input from personal experiences with these drugs.   I know everyone is different, and yes I have scheduled a follow up with my doc and I plan to find good therapy.
8yz4ol,686,695,ADR,irritable,lamotrigine,lamotrigine,New to community got some questions Hello all,    I believe I either have borderline or bipolar II but haven't gotten a diagnosis. I am on 100mg of lamotrigine and also 50mg of setraline. I finally got to 100mg of lamotrigine a couple days ago and today I felt very productive and energized-- to the point where I cleaned my whole apartment before noon, visited a coffee shop, and then went for a run on the beach with my dog (something I haven't done in over a year). Now it's 12am and I feel wide awake.   I've heard that if lamotrigine doesn't work for you, that it will trigger mania, but maybe I'm being too skeptical and should just appreciate the good energy?   I'm usually very irritable, sometimes over very minute things and that is my number one issue. I've also just recently come out of an extremely long period of depression that's lasted over a year hence the setraline. When I started that I felt very euphoric for a week or so in the mornings and and during random hours would find myself singing loud and happily driving my car. It has long worn off though.   Just wanted some input from personal experiences with these drugs.   I know everyone is different, and yes I have scheduled a follow up with my doc and I plan to find good therapy.
8yz4ol,828,838,ADR,depression,lamotrigine,lamotrigine,New to community got some questions Hello all,    I believe I either have borderline or bipolar II but haven't gotten a diagnosis. I am on 100mg of lamotrigine and also 50mg of setraline. I finally got to 100mg of lamotrigine a couple days ago and today I felt very productive and energized-- to the point where I cleaned my whole apartment before noon, visited a coffee shop, and then went for a run on the beach with my dog (something I haven't done in over a year). Now it's 12am and I feel wide awake.   I've heard that if lamotrigine doesn't work for you, that it will trigger mania, but maybe I'm being too skeptical and should just appreciate the good energy?   I'm usually very irritable, sometimes over very minute things and that is my number one issue. I've also just recently come out of an extremely long period of depression that's lasted over a year hence the setraline. When I started that I felt very euphoric for a week or so in the mornings and and during random hours would find myself singing loud and happily driving my car. It has long worn off though.   Just wanted some input from personal experiences with these drugs.   I know everyone is different, and yes I have scheduled a follow up with my doc and I plan to find good therapy.
8yz4ol,918,926,ADR,euphoric,lamotrigine,lamotrigine,New to community got some questions Hello all,    I believe I either have borderline or bipolar II but haven't gotten a diagnosis. I am on 100mg of lamotrigine and also 50mg of setraline. I finally got to 100mg of lamotrigine a couple days ago and today I felt very productive and energized-- to the point where I cleaned my whole apartment before noon, visited a coffee shop, and then went for a run on the beach with my dog (something I haven't done in over a year). Now it's 12am and I feel wide awake.   I've heard that if lamotrigine doesn't work for you, that it will trigger mania, but maybe I'm being too skeptical and should just appreciate the good energy?   I'm usually very irritable, sometimes over very minute things and that is my number one issue. I've also just recently come out of an extremely long period of depression that's lasted over a year hence the setraline. When I started that I felt very euphoric for a week or so in the mornings and and during random hours would find myself singing loud and happily driving my car. It has long worn off though.   Just wanted some input from personal experiences with these drugs.   I know everyone is different, and yes I have scheduled a follow up with my doc and I plan to find good therapy.
8yw9dr,8,13,ADR,dizzy,lamotrigine,lamotrigine,10 days dizzy, fatigued, w/ poor balance 5'5 195 lb 24 year old male. No physical illness other than high blood pressure, which I had until recently (lost 60 lbs). Am bipolar, obsessive compulsive, and have generalized anxiety. I take Abilify, Lamotrigine, and Klonopin each morning. I quit smoking cigarettes during this episode, but had been smoking around 8 a day. I do use marijuana frequently, as well.  I woke up on the Fourth of July (ten days ago) with what I thought was a hangover: room spinning, funny groggy feeling, eyes not quite focusing right at a diatance. I stumbled out of bed and realized that my walking wasn't entirely straight or steady. I was nauseated the first three or four days and did vomit on two days.  The nausea was seemingly caused by the room spinning sensation, which only came when I bent over or tilted my head a certain way. That symptom has lessened with time; I don't experience the spinning much at all these days.  On the third day my mother convinced me to go to the ER. She took me, as I did not feel comfortable driving.  I received fluids, got some bloodwork, and did a brief exam before being sent home with the assurance that this was temporary, and to follow up with my primary care practitioner. Doctor explained that MRIs and CT scans are very "low yield" considering my symptoms and age.  Two days later I saw my nurse practitioner, who insisted I either follow up with a neurologist or go to a different ER. She suggested that my medications could be causing this, which seemed unlikely to me because I have been on this cocktail for months with no problems.  Regardless, I call my psychiatrist's office. He advises me to cut my Lamotrigine dose in half and to see my primary care practitioner.  I have been using marijuana and, more recently, CBD oil, to reduce my general sense of discomfort, as well as... meclazine? But that doesn't seem to help so much since the nausea is gone.  I see a neurologist in three days and am extremely nervous. Would love some input, even if it's just to tell me what to expect when I see the neurologist.
8yw9dr,15,23,ADR,fatigued,lamotrigine,lamotrigine,10 days dizzy, fatigued, w/ poor balance 5'5 195 lb 24 year old male. No physical illness other than high blood pressure, which I had until recently (lost 60 lbs). Am bipolar, obsessive compulsive, and have generalized anxiety. I take Abilify, Lamotrigine, and Klonopin each morning. I quit smoking cigarettes during this episode, but had been smoking around 8 a day. I do use marijuana frequently, as well.  I woke up on the Fourth of July (ten days ago) with what I thought was a hangover: room spinning, funny groggy feeling, eyes not quite focusing right at a diatance. I stumbled out of bed and realized that my walking wasn't entirely straight or steady. I was nauseated the first three or four days and did vomit on two days.  The nausea was seemingly caused by the room spinning sensation, which only came when I bent over or tilted my head a certain way. That symptom has lessened with time; I don't experience the spinning much at all these days.  On the third day my mother convinced me to go to the ER. She took me, as I did not feel comfortable driving.  I received fluids, got some bloodwork, and did a brief exam before being sent home with the assurance that this was temporary, and to follow up with my primary care practitioner. Doctor explained that MRIs and CT scans are very "low yield" considering my symptoms and age.  Two days later I saw my nurse practitioner, who insisted I either follow up with a neurologist or go to a different ER. She suggested that my medications could be causing this, which seemed unlikely to me because I have been on this cocktail for months with no problems.  Regardless, I call my psychiatrist's office. He advises me to cut my Lamotrigine dose in half and to see my primary care practitioner.  I have been using marijuana and, more recently, CBD oil, to reduce my general sense of discomfort, as well as... meclazine? But that doesn't seem to help so much since the nausea is gone.  I see a neurologist in three days and am extremely nervous. Would love some input, even if it's just to tell me what to expect when I see the neurologist.
8yv0sl,167,180,ADR,derealization,lamotrigine,lamotrigine,I've lost contact with reality, this is a list of drugs in my body rn I no longer feel part of this reality, it is odd as fuck. Not as in Acid or DMT, but more like a derealization (But inverse? idk)   I burned myself, i didn't felt the pain, but i did feel it in "an alternate reality".   Fluoxetine 10mg Lamotrigine 75mg Aripiprazole 10mg Clonazepam 2mg DOB 1,4mg Cocaine ???mg   i know dob shouldn't have an effect, but it did. not the desired one tbf.    btw, im not schizo or anything (My diagnostic is PDD).
8yt1e0,3250,3257,ADR,tremors,Abilify,Abilify,Most of the drugs don't really work on me... Hi,  I've been away for a while, taking break from amphetamine. But now I am  back and I decided to make this quite long post and I hope some of you  will be nice and spend some time reading it. Please don't take this post  as bragging or whining or whatever, I wrote it like this to convey my  situation accurately.  **Some facts about me:**  I  am 80kg (175 pounds), 27 years old male. I live upstairs in my quite  big house, which I share with my mother who lives downstairs (Yes, I do  live with my mom, it's not relevant to this post, I like it, I pay money  for it (half of bills and food), I can afford to move out, but I don't  want to and neither she wants me to leave. I am not in a serious  relationship with a girl who I could make plans with and I am not  thinking about having family right now, I also have excellent relations  with my mother).  I make a living by  managing my extended family assets, so I have too much free time and  quite a lot of money from it. You could say I am a privileged white kid.  I could afford almost every drug or polydrug habit, maybe good cocaine  could make strain on my finances if used daily. Drugs in Poland aren't  that expensive, well, except cocaine ;)  I  suffer from moderate back pain, as well as persistent depressive  disorder (also known as dysthymia, difficult disorder to treat with  medications), anhedonia and mild social anxiety, and I also probably  have IBS, which is mainly triggered by stress - two doctors and a nurse  (my aunt) made this diagnosis, but refereed me for further tests, which I  didn't take (they wanted to put finger in my ass, fuck them :P). I  could find myself some girlfriends, but being in lowered mood all the  time prevents me from keeping them for a longer time (more than few  months, that also doesn't make me very happy since I've met few  wonderful girls, but our ways parted...). Also, unfortunately, my  anhedonia keeps my libido on quite low levels and I don't find sex *that much* enjoyable. (I still remember the times before my malaise and I know how sex should feel like for a healthy person).  Since  I have all second floor for me, I can often organize parties and have  girls over. My mother doesn't mind, and since she works as a management  consultant, she's away on business trips most of the time.  Last thing, *all of my drugs are pharma grade or high quality, lab tested products.*  **Me and the drugs, the beginning:**  In one sentence: I always could more.  My  journey with drugs began long, long time ago with cigarettes (13 years  old), when my friends smoked 5 a day, I smoked 40. I gave it up after  ten years with absolutely no problems, but meanwhile I started drinking  booze. My usual night out included drinking between 0,7 - 1,2 liter  vodka or whisky (40&amp;#37;), which made me super drunk but able to walk and  communicate on a basic level. Most of my friends could drink 0,5 - 0,7  vodka, which caused them to be barely conscious.  In  a meantime I tried various SSRI, SNRI, NDRI and other antidepressant  type drugs, even some neuroleptics, those were pills my old shrinks gave  me. All to no avail. All these pills gave me was some quite nasty side  effects (worst were tremors after Abilify) or no effect at all.  Then  I tried Xanax. 2mg put me in quite nice, warm state, but nothing  special. I called my neighbor and we both took 8mg each. My neighbor  showed remarkable tolerance, and we spent 3 hours strolling through our  city, visiting parks and having quite a good time. We were relaxed, had  honest conversations and felt appreciation for nature and it was very  nice. I remembered everything, though memories were a bit foggy  sometimes, (my neighbor blacked out and couldn't recall next day most of  this stroll, except that we took pills) and I found this experience  quite pleasurable (but it was fucking 8mg Pfizer Xanax for someone with  no tolerance!). Other than that, I still use Xanax in therapeutic doses  when I go to an anxiety inducing places, like tax office, city hall, tax  advisor or a date.  I also took Tramadol  for my back pain. 300mg didn't alleviate pain at all, and I will be  getting better narcotics in the future, but that's not important. 300mg  is a bit high dose for opioid naive person. It was quite nice for me, it  made me a bit chatty and gave me some slightly happy feeling, I haven't  felt for months. On the other hand it made me quite sleepy, but nothing  I couldn't overcome. It was actually a bit nice and from time to time I  took more Tramadols to feel happy.  Around  this time amphetamine came into picture. I bought amphetamine (racemic)  directly from manufacturer and even then I used my old friend, who is a  PhD candidate taking care of University of Technology lab, to check my  stuff for purity. He told me that, apart from some minor impurities,  which are probably effect of clandestine method of production, the stuff  is pure. Acetone wash also didn't remove anything from stuff I got from  my dealer. On a side note, my dealer is extremely honest and punctual  guy, who has never fucked me. First time I took amphetamine (60mg), I  felt some pleasant feelings, I was definitely speedy, talking fast and  being more sociable. I did it for few weeks and then stopped, as  positive effects started to fade. Then I started doing it again starting  from 60mg, and was speeding for few months, adding more and more  amphetamine to each dose, which made my tolerance go through the roof.  I've also seen plenty people who took amphetamine for first time, or  after long break and they couldn't sit in one place, behaved as if they  had jet engine in their asses and couldn't stop talking. I've never  experienced such feelings and it's not a problem for me to sit still for  hours on amphetamine.  I smoked some  weed, but this drug, surprisingly, made me very sleepy and feeling heavy  and actually quite tired, anxious and plain bad. I don't like it and I  smoke it extremely rarely, which is always a bad experience (but  sometimes friends are *too*  persuasive...). I don't really like cocaine, as it makes me really  anxious and my heart is pounding after it. I tried it few times, and  every time I felt really bad. Maybe I didn't try a good coke or maybe  coke isn't just for me. Ambien also works wonders for me and few pill  allow me to spend some quality time with Walrus, which is kind of fun,  but since I live with my mother I don't want to scare her (And I did it  before, check my post history if you want) and I don't want to do it  alone, since you can easily do dangerous things on Ambien.  I also did plenty of other drugs, but it was once or twice and I don't feel mentioning it would add anything to this post.  **Drugs and me right now:**  I  haven't been drinking that much this year, compared to what I used to  drink before, just moderate amounts perhaps twice a month at most and  last time I got really wasted was on New Year's Eve. I've been taking  Tramadol every few weeks, so my tolerance is non-existent or minimal. I  took Xanax and Ambien heavily in May and June, but stopped because of  stupid shit I did under their influence and now I take them only  occasionally, perhaps once a week. I've also been trying to lower my  amphetamine tolerance, that was sky high (hundreds of mg per day) and  I've been clean from amphetamine for around 10 days.  **What happened this night:**  I  invited my girlfriend and two other friends for a few drinks and  PlayStation games. They were at my place from 9 pm to 1 am. I will just  write my drugs schedule. Note: All the drugs were taken orally,  amphetamine was encapsulated and weighed on milligram scale, 75 ml  whisky was poured to glass and Pepsi and ice was added afterwards (I  don't like coke, both soft drink and the drug :P). Time is, of course,  approximate, since I didn't measure it to make scientific research, I  just had a small social meeting, but I was having another glass about  every hour.  8pm - Lamotrigine (Anticonvulsant)  9pm - 150mg Tramadol, 200mg Amphetamine, 75ml Whisky.  10pm - 150mg Tramadol, 200mg Amphetamine, 75ml Whisky.  11pm-  200mg Amphetamine, 75ml Whisky  12pm - 2mg Xanax, 75ml Whisky  At 1am my friends went home, I took a bicycle and accompanied them on their way.  The  problem is, all this time I actually felt nothing from those drugs.  Booze didn't give me a buzz, Tramadol didn't give me this funny feeling,  Xanax didn't relax me. The only thing I feel was wakefulness from  amphetamine.  I went and talked with my  mother about it (she knows I do drugs) and she told me to avoid such a  dangerous mix (obviously) and tell my psychiatrist (whom I also told  about my drug abuse) about my inability to get happy even with help of  drugs in horse doses. Side note: he keeps me on Lamotrigine right now,  as a mood stabilizer, which also happens to be anticonvulsant, which is  good, since both amphetamine and Tramadol lower your seizure threshold.  **What is my problem?**  I  am not really into booze right now, so I don't care about it. But the  problem is, that I need higher doses than other people to enjoy  Xanax/Ambien, Tramadol or even this stupid booze. I don't know why is  that, maybe I lack some enzymes that metabolize drugs? I am just  guessing. The thing is, I always needed more, that most folks and  effects I experienced after taking drugs were subjectively milder than  these of my friends.  I also really like  amphetamine. But even now, after 10 days break, my tolerance is sky  high, and amphetamine doesn't produce any psychological effects apart  from wakefulness. I tried few weeks before to take more amphetamine and  after reaching 1 gram (five 200mg pills every 30min) I started to shake,  so I stopped at this point and took Xanax to calm me down. Yet no  psychological effects were present even then except from wakefulness.  I  don't know, maybe I should make even longer tolerance break, perhaps it  is connected with my aforementioned mental issues, maybe I should see  my psychiatrist and discuss it with him, or maybe I should try some  different drugs? I just wanna feel happy, even for short period of time,  I don't care if it's chemically induced. What's your opinion about it?
8yt1e0,3455,3464,ADR,tolerance,lamotrigine,lamotrigine,Most of the drugs don't really work on me... Hi,  I've been away for a while, taking break from amphetamine. But now I am  back and I decided to make this quite long post and I hope some of you  will be nice and spend some time reading it. Please don't take this post  as bragging or whining or whatever, I wrote it like this to convey my  situation accurately.  **Some facts about me:**  I  am 80kg (175 pounds), 27 years old male. I live upstairs in my quite  big house, which I share with my mother who lives downstairs (Yes, I do  live with my mom, it's not relevant to this post, I like it, I pay money  for it (half of bills and food), I can afford to move out, but I don't  want to and neither she wants me to leave. I am not in a serious  relationship with a girl who I could make plans with and I am not  thinking about having family right now, I also have excellent relations  with my mother).  I make a living by  managing my extended family assets, so I have too much free time and  quite a lot of money from it. You could say I am a privileged white kid.  I could afford almost every drug or polydrug habit, maybe good cocaine  could make strain on my finances if used daily. Drugs in Poland aren't  that expensive, well, except cocaine ;)  I  suffer from moderate back pain, as well as persistent depressive  disorder (also known as dysthymia, difficult disorder to treat with  medications), anhedonia and mild social anxiety, and I also probably  have IBS, which is mainly triggered by stress - two doctors and a nurse  (my aunt) made this diagnosis, but refereed me for further tests, which I  didn't take (they wanted to put finger in my ass, fuck them :P). I  could find myself some girlfriends, but being in lowered mood all the  time prevents me from keeping them for a longer time (more than few  months, that also doesn't make me very happy since I've met few  wonderful girls, but our ways parted...). Also, unfortunately, my  anhedonia keeps my libido on quite low levels and I don't find sex *that much* enjoyable. (I still remember the times before my malaise and I know how sex should feel like for a healthy person).  Since  I have all second floor for me, I can often organize parties and have  girls over. My mother doesn't mind, and since she works as a management  consultant, she's away on business trips most of the time.  Last thing, *all of my drugs are pharma grade or high quality, lab tested products.*  **Me and the drugs, the beginning:**  In one sentence: I always could more.  My  journey with drugs began long, long time ago with cigarettes (13 years  old), when my friends smoked 5 a day, I smoked 40. I gave it up after  ten years with absolutely no problems, but meanwhile I started drinking  booze. My usual night out included drinking between 0,7 - 1,2 liter  vodka or whisky (40&amp;#37;), which made me super drunk but able to walk and  communicate on a basic level. Most of my friends could drink 0,5 - 0,7  vodka, which caused them to be barely conscious.  In  a meantime I tried various SSRI, SNRI, NDRI and other antidepressant  type drugs, even some neuroleptics, those were pills my old shrinks gave  me. All to no avail. All these pills gave me was some quite nasty side  effects (worst were tremors after Abilify) or no effect at all.  Then  I tried Xanax. 2mg put me in quite nice, warm state, but nothing  special. I called my neighbor and we both took 8mg each. My neighbor  showed remarkable tolerance, and we spent 3 hours strolling through our  city, visiting parks and having quite a good time. We were relaxed, had  honest conversations and felt appreciation for nature and it was very  nice. I remembered everything, though memories were a bit foggy  sometimes, (my neighbor blacked out and couldn't recall next day most of  this stroll, except that we took pills) and I found this experience  quite pleasurable (but it was fucking 8mg Pfizer Xanax for someone with  no tolerance!). Other than that, I still use Xanax in therapeutic doses  when I go to an anxiety inducing places, like tax office, city hall, tax  advisor or a date.  I also took Tramadol  for my back pain. 300mg didn't alleviate pain at all, and I will be  getting better narcotics in the future, but that's not important. 300mg  is a bit high dose for opioid naive person. It was quite nice for me, it  made me a bit chatty and gave me some slightly happy feeling, I haven't  felt for months. On the other hand it made me quite sleepy, but nothing  I couldn't overcome. It was actually a bit nice and from time to time I  took more Tramadols to feel happy.  Around  this time amphetamine came into picture. I bought amphetamine (racemic)  directly from manufacturer and even then I used my old friend, who is a  PhD candidate taking care of University of Technology lab, to check my  stuff for purity. He told me that, apart from some minor impurities,  which are probably effect of clandestine method of production, the stuff  is pure. Acetone wash also didn't remove anything from stuff I got from  my dealer. On a side note, my dealer is extremely honest and punctual  guy, who has never fucked me. First time I took amphetamine (60mg), I  felt some pleasant feelings, I was definitely speedy, talking fast and  being more sociable. I did it for few weeks and then stopped, as  positive effects started to fade. Then I started doing it again starting  from 60mg, and was speeding for few months, adding more and more  amphetamine to each dose, which made my tolerance go through the roof.  I've also seen plenty people who took amphetamine for first time, or  after long break and they couldn't sit in one place, behaved as if they  had jet engine in their asses and couldn't stop talking. I've never  experienced such feelings and it's not a problem for me to sit still for  hours on amphetamine.  I smoked some  weed, but this drug, surprisingly, made me very sleepy and feeling heavy  and actually quite tired, anxious and plain bad. I don't like it and I  smoke it extremely rarely, which is always a bad experience (but  sometimes friends are *too*  persuasive...). I don't really like cocaine, as it makes me really  anxious and my heart is pounding after it. I tried it few times, and  every time I felt really bad. Maybe I didn't try a good coke or maybe  coke isn't just for me. Ambien also works wonders for me and few pill  allow me to spend some quality time with Walrus, which is kind of fun,  but since I live with my mother I don't want to scare her (And I did it  before, check my post history if you want) and I don't want to do it  alone, since you can easily do dangerous things on Ambien.  I also did plenty of other drugs, but it was once or twice and I don't feel mentioning it would add anything to this post.  **Drugs and me right now:**  I  haven't been drinking that much this year, compared to what I used to  drink before, just moderate amounts perhaps twice a month at most and  last time I got really wasted was on New Year's Eve. I've been taking  Tramadol every few weeks, so my tolerance is non-existent or minimal. I  took Xanax and Ambien heavily in May and June, but stopped because of  stupid shit I did under their influence and now I take them only  occasionally, perhaps once a week. I've also been trying to lower my  amphetamine tolerance, that was sky high (hundreds of mg per day) and  I've been clean from amphetamine for around 10 days.  **What happened this night:**  I  invited my girlfriend and two other friends for a few drinks and  PlayStation games. They were at my place from 9 pm to 1 am. I will just  write my drugs schedule. Note: All the drugs were taken orally,  amphetamine was encapsulated and weighed on milligram scale, 75 ml  whisky was poured to glass and Pepsi and ice was added afterwards (I  don't like coke, both soft drink and the drug :P). Time is, of course,  approximate, since I didn't measure it to make scientific research, I  just had a small social meeting, but I was having another glass about  every hour.  8pm - Lamotrigine (Anticonvulsant)  9pm - 150mg Tramadol, 200mg Amphetamine, 75ml Whisky.  10pm - 150mg Tramadol, 200mg Amphetamine, 75ml Whisky.  11pm-  200mg Amphetamine, 75ml Whisky  12pm - 2mg Xanax, 75ml Whisky  At 1am my friends went home, I took a bicycle and accompanied them on their way.  The  problem is, all this time I actually felt nothing from those drugs.  Booze didn't give me a buzz, Tramadol didn't give me this funny feeling,  Xanax didn't relax me. The only thing I feel was wakefulness from  amphetamine.  I went and talked with my  mother about it (she knows I do drugs) and she told me to avoid such a  dangerous mix (obviously) and tell my psychiatrist (whom I also told  about my drug abuse) about my inability to get happy even with help of  drugs in horse doses. Side note: he keeps me on Lamotrigine right now,  as a mood stabilizer, which also happens to be anticonvulsant, which is  good, since both amphetamine and Tramadol lower your seizure threshold.  **What is my problem?**  I  am not really into booze right now, so I don't care about it. But the  problem is, that I need higher doses than other people to enjoy  Xanax/Ambien, Tramadol or even this stupid booze. I don't know why is  that, maybe I lack some enzymes that metabolize drugs? I am just  guessing. The thing is, I always needed more, that most folks and  effects I experienced after taking drugs were subjectively milder than  these of my friends.  I also really like  amphetamine. But even now, after 10 days break, my tolerance is sky  high, and amphetamine doesn't produce any psychological effects apart  from wakefulness. I tried few weeks before to take more amphetamine and  after reaching 1 gram (five 200mg pills every 30min) I started to shake,  so I stopped at this point and took Xanax to calm me down. Yet no  psychological effects were present even then except from wakefulness.  I  don't know, maybe I should make even longer tolerance break, perhaps it  is connected with my aforementioned mental issues, maybe I should see  my psychiatrist and discuss it with him, or maybe I should try some  different drugs? I just wanna feel happy, even for short period of time,  I don't care if it's chemically induced. What's your opinion about it?
8yt1e0,4465,4471,ADR,sleepy,Xanax,Xanax,Most of the drugs don't really work on me... Hi,  I've been away for a while, taking break from amphetamine. But now I am  back and I decided to make this quite long post and I hope some of you  will be nice and spend some time reading it. Please don't take this post  as bragging or whining or whatever, I wrote it like this to convey my  situation accurately.  **Some facts about me:**  I  am 80kg (175 pounds), 27 years old male. I live upstairs in my quite  big house, which I share with my mother who lives downstairs (Yes, I do  live with my mom, it's not relevant to this post, I like it, I pay money  for it (half of bills and food), I can afford to move out, but I don't  want to and neither she wants me to leave. I am not in a serious  relationship with a girl who I could make plans with and I am not  thinking about having family right now, I also have excellent relations  with my mother).  I make a living by  managing my extended family assets, so I have too much free time and  quite a lot of money from it. You could say I am a privileged white kid.  I could afford almost every drug or polydrug habit, maybe good cocaine  could make strain on my finances if used daily. Drugs in Poland aren't  that expensive, well, except cocaine ;)  I  suffer from moderate back pain, as well as persistent depressive  disorder (also known as dysthymia, difficult disorder to treat with  medications), anhedonia and mild social anxiety, and I also probably  have IBS, which is mainly triggered by stress - two doctors and a nurse  (my aunt) made this diagnosis, but refereed me for further tests, which I  didn't take (they wanted to put finger in my ass, fuck them :P). I  could find myself some girlfriends, but being in lowered mood all the  time prevents me from keeping them for a longer time (more than few  months, that also doesn't make me very happy since I've met few  wonderful girls, but our ways parted...). Also, unfortunately, my  anhedonia keeps my libido on quite low levels and I don't find sex *that much* enjoyable. (I still remember the times before my malaise and I know how sex should feel like for a healthy person).  Since  I have all second floor for me, I can often organize parties and have  girls over. My mother doesn't mind, and since she works as a management  consultant, she's away on business trips most of the time.  Last thing, *all of my drugs are pharma grade or high quality, lab tested products.*  **Me and the drugs, the beginning:**  In one sentence: I always could more.  My  journey with drugs began long, long time ago with cigarettes (13 years  old), when my friends smoked 5 a day, I smoked 40. I gave it up after  ten years with absolutely no problems, but meanwhile I started drinking  booze. My usual night out included drinking between 0,7 - 1,2 liter  vodka or whisky (40&amp;#37;), which made me super drunk but able to walk and  communicate on a basic level. Most of my friends could drink 0,5 - 0,7  vodka, which caused them to be barely conscious.  In  a meantime I tried various SSRI, SNRI, NDRI and other antidepressant  type drugs, even some neuroleptics, those were pills my old shrinks gave  me. All to no avail. All these pills gave me was some quite nasty side  effects (worst were tremors after Abilify) or no effect at all.  Then  I tried Xanax. 2mg put me in quite nice, warm state, but nothing  special. I called my neighbor and we both took 8mg each. My neighbor  showed remarkable tolerance, and we spent 3 hours strolling through our  city, visiting parks and having quite a good time. We were relaxed, had  honest conversations and felt appreciation for nature and it was very  nice. I remembered everything, though memories were a bit foggy  sometimes, (my neighbor blacked out and couldn't recall next day most of  this stroll, except that we took pills) and I found this experience  quite pleasurable (but it was fucking 8mg Pfizer Xanax for someone with  no tolerance!). Other than that, I still use Xanax in therapeutic doses  when I go to an anxiety inducing places, like tax office, city hall, tax  advisor or a date.  I also took Tramadol  for my back pain. 300mg didn't alleviate pain at all, and I will be  getting better narcotics in the future, but that's not important. 300mg  is a bit high dose for opioid naive person. It was quite nice for me, it  made me a bit chatty and gave me some slightly happy feeling, I haven't  felt for months. On the other hand it made me quite sleepy, but nothing  I couldn't overcome. It was actually a bit nice and from time to time I  took more Tramadols to feel happy.  Around  this time amphetamine came into picture. I bought amphetamine (racemic)  directly from manufacturer and even then I used my old friend, who is a  PhD candidate taking care of University of Technology lab, to check my  stuff for purity. He told me that, apart from some minor impurities,  which are probably effect of clandestine method of production, the stuff  is pure. Acetone wash also didn't remove anything from stuff I got from  my dealer. On a side note, my dealer is extremely honest and punctual  guy, who has never fucked me. First time I took amphetamine (60mg), I  felt some pleasant feelings, I was definitely speedy, talking fast and  being more sociable. I did it for few weeks and then stopped, as  positive effects started to fade. Then I started doing it again starting  from 60mg, and was speeding for few months, adding more and more  amphetamine to each dose, which made my tolerance go through the roof.  I've also seen plenty people who took amphetamine for first time, or  after long break and they couldn't sit in one place, behaved as if they  had jet engine in their asses and couldn't stop talking. I've never  experienced such feelings and it's not a problem for me to sit still for  hours on amphetamine.  I smoked some  weed, but this drug, surprisingly, made me very sleepy and feeling heavy  and actually quite tired, anxious and plain bad. I don't like it and I  smoke it extremely rarely, which is always a bad experience (but  sometimes friends are *too*  persuasive...). I don't really like cocaine, as it makes me really  anxious and my heart is pounding after it. I tried it few times, and  every time I felt really bad. Maybe I didn't try a good coke or maybe  coke isn't just for me. Ambien also works wonders for me and few pill  allow me to spend some quality time with Walrus, which is kind of fun,  but since I live with my mother I don't want to scare her (And I did it  before, check my post history if you want) and I don't want to do it  alone, since you can easily do dangerous things on Ambien.  I also did plenty of other drugs, but it was once or twice and I don't feel mentioning it would add anything to this post.  **Drugs and me right now:**  I  haven't been drinking that much this year, compared to what I used to  drink before, just moderate amounts perhaps twice a month at most and  last time I got really wasted was on New Year's Eve. I've been taking  Tramadol every few weeks, so my tolerance is non-existent or minimal. I  took Xanax and Ambien heavily in May and June, but stopped because of  stupid shit I did under their influence and now I take them only  occasionally, perhaps once a week. I've also been trying to lower my  amphetamine tolerance, that was sky high (hundreds of mg per day) and  I've been clean from amphetamine for around 10 days.  **What happened this night:**  I  invited my girlfriend and two other friends for a few drinks and  PlayStation games. They were at my place from 9 pm to 1 am. I will just  write my drugs schedule. Note: All the drugs were taken orally,  amphetamine was encapsulated and weighed on milligram scale, 75 ml  whisky was poured to glass and Pepsi and ice was added afterwards (I  don't like coke, both soft drink and the drug :P). Time is, of course,  approximate, since I didn't measure it to make scientific research, I  just had a small social meeting, but I was having another glass about  every hour.  8pm - Lamotrigine (Anticonvulsant)  9pm - 150mg Tramadol, 200mg Amphetamine, 75ml Whisky.  10pm - 150mg Tramadol, 200mg Amphetamine, 75ml Whisky.  11pm-  200mg Amphetamine, 75ml Whisky  12pm - 2mg Xanax, 75ml Whisky  At 1am my friends went home, I took a bicycle and accompanied them on their way.  The  problem is, all this time I actually felt nothing from those drugs.  Booze didn't give me a buzz, Tramadol didn't give me this funny feeling,  Xanax didn't relax me. The only thing I feel was wakefulness from  amphetamine.  I went and talked with my  mother about it (she knows I do drugs) and she told me to avoid such a  dangerous mix (obviously) and tell my psychiatrist (whom I also told  about my drug abuse) about my inability to get happy even with help of  drugs in horse doses. Side note: he keeps me on Lamotrigine right now,  as a mood stabilizer, which also happens to be anticonvulsant, which is  good, since both amphetamine and Tramadol lower your seizure threshold.  **What is my problem?**  I  am not really into booze right now, so I don't care about it. But the  problem is, that I need higher doses than other people to enjoy  Xanax/Ambien, Tramadol or even this stupid booze. I don't know why is  that, maybe I lack some enzymes that metabolize drugs? I am just  guessing. The thing is, I always needed more, that most folks and  effects I experienced after taking drugs were subjectively milder than  these of my friends.  I also really like  amphetamine. But even now, after 10 days break, my tolerance is sky  high, and amphetamine doesn't produce any psychological effects apart  from wakefulness. I tried few weeks before to take more amphetamine and  after reaching 1 gram (five 200mg pills every 30min) I started to shake,  so I stopped at this point and took Xanax to calm me down. Yet no  psychological effects were present even then except from wakefulness.  I  don't know, maybe I should make even longer tolerance break, perhaps it  is connected with my aforementioned mental issues, maybe I should see  my psychiatrist and discuss it with him, or maybe I should try some  different drugs? I just wanna feel happy, even for short period of time,  I don't care if it's chemically induced. What's your opinion about it?
8yt1e0,5954,5961,ADR,anxious,cocaine,cocaine,Most of the drugs don't really work on me... Hi,  I've been away for a while, taking break from amphetamine. But now I am  back and I decided to make this quite long post and I hope some of you  will be nice and spend some time reading it. Please don't take this post  as bragging or whining or whatever, I wrote it like this to convey my  situation accurately.  **Some facts about me:**  I  am 80kg (175 pounds), 27 years old male. I live upstairs in my quite  big house, which I share with my mother who lives downstairs (Yes, I do  live with my mom, it's not relevant to this post, I like it, I pay money  for it (half of bills and food), I can afford to move out, but I don't  want to and neither she wants me to leave. I am not in a serious  relationship with a girl who I could make plans with and I am not  thinking about having family right now, I also have excellent relations  with my mother).  I make a living by  managing my extended family assets, so I have too much free time and  quite a lot of money from it. You could say I am a privileged white kid.  I could afford almost every drug or polydrug habit, maybe good cocaine  could make strain on my finances if used daily. Drugs in Poland aren't  that expensive, well, except cocaine ;)  I  suffer from moderate back pain, as well as persistent depressive  disorder (also known as dysthymia, difficult disorder to treat with  medications), anhedonia and mild social anxiety, and I also probably  have IBS, which is mainly triggered by stress - two doctors and a nurse  (my aunt) made this diagnosis, but refereed me for further tests, which I  didn't take (they wanted to put finger in my ass, fuck them :P). I  could find myself some girlfriends, but being in lowered mood all the  time prevents me from keeping them for a longer time (more than few  months, that also doesn't make me very happy since I've met few  wonderful girls, but our ways parted...). Also, unfortunately, my  anhedonia keeps my libido on quite low levels and I don't find sex *that much* enjoyable. (I still remember the times before my malaise and I know how sex should feel like for a healthy person).  Since  I have all second floor for me, I can often organize parties and have  girls over. My mother doesn't mind, and since she works as a management  consultant, she's away on business trips most of the time.  Last thing, *all of my drugs are pharma grade or high quality, lab tested products.*  **Me and the drugs, the beginning:**  In one sentence: I always could more.  My  journey with drugs began long, long time ago with cigarettes (13 years  old), when my friends smoked 5 a day, I smoked 40. I gave it up after  ten years with absolutely no problems, but meanwhile I started drinking  booze. My usual night out included drinking between 0,7 - 1,2 liter  vodka or whisky (40&amp;#37;), which made me super drunk but able to walk and  communicate on a basic level. Most of my friends could drink 0,5 - 0,7  vodka, which caused them to be barely conscious.  In  a meantime I tried various SSRI, SNRI, NDRI and other antidepressant  type drugs, even some neuroleptics, those were pills my old shrinks gave  me. All to no avail. All these pills gave me was some quite nasty side  effects (worst were tremors after Abilify) or no effect at all.  Then  I tried Xanax. 2mg put me in quite nice, warm state, but nothing  special. I called my neighbor and we both took 8mg each. My neighbor  showed remarkable tolerance, and we spent 3 hours strolling through our  city, visiting parks and having quite a good time. We were relaxed, had  honest conversations and felt appreciation for nature and it was very  nice. I remembered everything, though memories were a bit foggy  sometimes, (my neighbor blacked out and couldn't recall next day most of  this stroll, except that we took pills) and I found this experience  quite pleasurable (but it was fucking 8mg Pfizer Xanax for someone with  no tolerance!). Other than that, I still use Xanax in therapeutic doses  when I go to an anxiety inducing places, like tax office, city hall, tax  advisor or a date.  I also took Tramadol  for my back pain. 300mg didn't alleviate pain at all, and I will be  getting better narcotics in the future, but that's not important. 300mg  is a bit high dose for opioid naive person. It was quite nice for me, it  made me a bit chatty and gave me some slightly happy feeling, I haven't  felt for months. On the other hand it made me quite sleepy, but nothing  I couldn't overcome. It was actually a bit nice and from time to time I  took more Tramadols to feel happy.  Around  this time amphetamine came into picture. I bought amphetamine (racemic)  directly from manufacturer and even then I used my old friend, who is a  PhD candidate taking care of University of Technology lab, to check my  stuff for purity. He told me that, apart from some minor impurities,  which are probably effect of clandestine method of production, the stuff  is pure. Acetone wash also didn't remove anything from stuff I got from  my dealer. On a side note, my dealer is extremely honest and punctual  guy, who has never fucked me. First time I took amphetamine (60mg), I  felt some pleasant feelings, I was definitely speedy, talking fast and  being more sociable. I did it for few weeks and then stopped, as  positive effects started to fade. Then I started doing it again starting  from 60mg, and was speeding for few months, adding more and more  amphetamine to each dose, which made my tolerance go through the roof.  I've also seen plenty people who took amphetamine for first time, or  after long break and they couldn't sit in one place, behaved as if they  had jet engine in their asses and couldn't stop talking. I've never  experienced such feelings and it's not a problem for me to sit still for  hours on amphetamine.  I smoked some  weed, but this drug, surprisingly, made me very sleepy and feeling heavy  and actually quite tired, anxious and plain bad. I don't like it and I  smoke it extremely rarely, which is always a bad experience (but  sometimes friends are *too*  persuasive...). I don't really like cocaine, as it makes me really  anxious and my heart is pounding after it. I tried it few times, and  every time I felt really bad. Maybe I didn't try a good coke or maybe  coke isn't just for me. Ambien also works wonders for me and few pill  allow me to spend some quality time with Walrus, which is kind of fun,  but since I live with my mother I don't want to scare her (And I did it  before, check my post history if you want) and I don't want to do it  alone, since you can easily do dangerous things on Ambien.  I also did plenty of other drugs, but it was once or twice and I don't feel mentioning it would add anything to this post.  **Drugs and me right now:**  I  haven't been drinking that much this year, compared to what I used to  drink before, just moderate amounts perhaps twice a month at most and  last time I got really wasted was on New Year's Eve. I've been taking  Tramadol every few weeks, so my tolerance is non-existent or minimal. I  took Xanax and Ambien heavily in May and June, but stopped because of  stupid shit I did under their influence and now I take them only  occasionally, perhaps once a week. I've also been trying to lower my  amphetamine tolerance, that was sky high (hundreds of mg per day) and  I've been clean from amphetamine for around 10 days.  **What happened this night:**  I  invited my girlfriend and two other friends for a few drinks and  PlayStation games. They were at my place from 9 pm to 1 am. I will just  write my drugs schedule. Note: All the drugs were taken orally,  amphetamine was encapsulated and weighed on milligram scale, 75 ml  whisky was poured to glass and Pepsi and ice was added afterwards (I  don't like coke, both soft drink and the drug :P). Time is, of course,  approximate, since I didn't measure it to make scientific research, I  just had a small social meeting, but I was having another glass about  every hour.  8pm - Lamotrigine (Anticonvulsant)  9pm - 150mg Tramadol, 200mg Amphetamine, 75ml Whisky.  10pm - 150mg Tramadol, 200mg Amphetamine, 75ml Whisky.  11pm-  200mg Amphetamine, 75ml Whisky  12pm - 2mg Xanax, 75ml Whisky  At 1am my friends went home, I took a bicycle and accompanied them on their way.  The  problem is, all this time I actually felt nothing from those drugs.  Booze didn't give me a buzz, Tramadol didn't give me this funny feeling,  Xanax didn't relax me. The only thing I feel was wakefulness from  amphetamine.  I went and talked with my  mother about it (she knows I do drugs) and she told me to avoid such a  dangerous mix (obviously) and tell my psychiatrist (whom I also told  about my drug abuse) about my inability to get happy even with help of  drugs in horse doses. Side note: he keeps me on Lamotrigine right now,  as a mood stabilizer, which also happens to be anticonvulsant, which is  good, since both amphetamine and Tramadol lower your seizure threshold.  **What is my problem?**  I  am not really into booze right now, so I don't care about it. But the  problem is, that I need higher doses than other people to enjoy  Xanax/Ambien, Tramadol or even this stupid booze. I don't know why is  that, maybe I lack some enzymes that metabolize drugs? I am just  guessing. The thing is, I always needed more, that most folks and  effects I experienced after taking drugs were subjectively milder than  these of my friends.  I also really like  amphetamine. But even now, after 10 days break, my tolerance is sky  high, and amphetamine doesn't produce any psychological effects apart  from wakefulness. I tried few weeks before to take more amphetamine and  after reaching 1 gram (five 200mg pills every 30min) I started to shake,  so I stopped at this point and took Xanax to calm me down. Yet no  psychological effects were present even then except from wakefulness.  I  don't know, maybe I should make even longer tolerance break, perhaps it  is connected with my aforementioned mental issues, maybe I should see  my psychiatrist and discuss it with him, or maybe I should try some  different drugs? I just wanna feel happy, even for short period of time,  I don't care if it's chemically induced. What's your opinion about it?
8yt1e0,8523,8534,ADR,wakefulness,amphetamine,amphetamine,Most of the drugs don't really work on me... Hi,  I've been away for a while, taking break from amphetamine. But now I am  back and I decided to make this quite long post and I hope some of you  will be nice and spend some time reading it. Please don't take this post  as bragging or whining or whatever, I wrote it like this to convey my  situation accurately.  **Some facts about me:**  I  am 80kg (175 pounds), 27 years old male. I live upstairs in my quite  big house, which I share with my mother who lives downstairs (Yes, I do  live with my mom, it's not relevant to this post, I like it, I pay money  for it (half of bills and food), I can afford to move out, but I don't  want to and neither she wants me to leave. I am not in a serious  relationship with a girl who I could make plans with and I am not  thinking about having family right now, I also have excellent relations  with my mother).  I make a living by  managing my extended family assets, so I have too much free time and  quite a lot of money from it. You could say I am a privileged white kid.  I could afford almost every drug or polydrug habit, maybe good cocaine  could make strain on my finances if used daily. Drugs in Poland aren't  that expensive, well, except cocaine ;)  I  suffer from moderate back pain, as well as persistent depressive  disorder (also known as dysthymia, difficult disorder to treat with  medications), anhedonia and mild social anxiety, and I also probably  have IBS, which is mainly triggered by stress - two doctors and a nurse  (my aunt) made this diagnosis, but refereed me for further tests, which I  didn't take (they wanted to put finger in my ass, fuck them :P). I  could find myself some girlfriends, but being in lowered mood all the  time prevents me from keeping them for a longer time (more than few  months, that also doesn't make me very happy since I've met few  wonderful girls, but our ways parted...). Also, unfortunately, my  anhedonia keeps my libido on quite low levels and I don't find sex *that much* enjoyable. (I still remember the times before my malaise and I know how sex should feel like for a healthy person).  Since  I have all second floor for me, I can often organize parties and have  girls over. My mother doesn't mind, and since she works as a management  consultant, she's away on business trips most of the time.  Last thing, *all of my drugs are pharma grade or high quality, lab tested products.*  **Me and the drugs, the beginning:**  In one sentence: I always could more.  My  journey with drugs began long, long time ago with cigarettes (13 years  old), when my friends smoked 5 a day, I smoked 40. I gave it up after  ten years with absolutely no problems, but meanwhile I started drinking  booze. My usual night out included drinking between 0,7 - 1,2 liter  vodka or whisky (40&amp;#37;), which made me super drunk but able to walk and  communicate on a basic level. Most of my friends could drink 0,5 - 0,7  vodka, which caused them to be barely conscious.  In  a meantime I tried various SSRI, SNRI, NDRI and other antidepressant  type drugs, even some neuroleptics, those were pills my old shrinks gave  me. All to no avail. All these pills gave me was some quite nasty side  effects (worst were tremors after Abilify) or no effect at all.  Then  I tried Xanax. 2mg put me in quite nice, warm state, but nothing  special. I called my neighbor and we both took 8mg each. My neighbor  showed remarkable tolerance, and we spent 3 hours strolling through our  city, visiting parks and having quite a good time. We were relaxed, had  honest conversations and felt appreciation for nature and it was very  nice. I remembered everything, though memories were a bit foggy  sometimes, (my neighbor blacked out and couldn't recall next day most of  this stroll, except that we took pills) and I found this experience  quite pleasurable (but it was fucking 8mg Pfizer Xanax for someone with  no tolerance!). Other than that, I still use Xanax in therapeutic doses  when I go to an anxiety inducing places, like tax office, city hall, tax  advisor or a date.  I also took Tramadol  for my back pain. 300mg didn't alleviate pain at all, and I will be  getting better narcotics in the future, but that's not important. 300mg  is a bit high dose for opioid naive person. It was quite nice for me, it  made me a bit chatty and gave me some slightly happy feeling, I haven't  felt for months. On the other hand it made me quite sleepy, but nothing  I couldn't overcome. It was actually a bit nice and from time to time I  took more Tramadols to feel happy.  Around  this time amphetamine came into picture. I bought amphetamine (racemic)  directly from manufacturer and even then I used my old friend, who is a  PhD candidate taking care of University of Technology lab, to check my  stuff for purity. He told me that, apart from some minor impurities,  which are probably effect of clandestine method of production, the stuff  is pure. Acetone wash also didn't remove anything from stuff I got from  my dealer. On a side note, my dealer is extremely honest and punctual  guy, who has never fucked me. First time I took amphetamine (60mg), I  felt some pleasant feelings, I was definitely speedy, talking fast and  being more sociable. I did it for few weeks and then stopped, as  positive effects started to fade. Then I started doing it again starting  from 60mg, and was speeding for few months, adding more and more  amphetamine to each dose, which made my tolerance go through the roof.  I've also seen plenty people who took amphetamine for first time, or  after long break and they couldn't sit in one place, behaved as if they  had jet engine in their asses and couldn't stop talking. I've never  experienced such feelings and it's not a problem for me to sit still for  hours on amphetamine.  I smoked some  weed, but this drug, surprisingly, made me very sleepy and feeling heavy  and actually quite tired, anxious and plain bad. I don't like it and I  smoke it extremely rarely, which is always a bad experience (but  sometimes friends are *too*  persuasive...). I don't really like cocaine, as it makes me really  anxious and my heart is pounding after it. I tried it few times, and  every time I felt really bad. Maybe I didn't try a good coke or maybe  coke isn't just for me. Ambien also works wonders for me and few pill  allow me to spend some quality time with Walrus, which is kind of fun,  but since I live with my mother I don't want to scare her (And I did it  before, check my post history if you want) and I don't want to do it  alone, since you can easily do dangerous things on Ambien.  I also did plenty of other drugs, but it was once or twice and I don't feel mentioning it would add anything to this post.  **Drugs and me right now:**  I  haven't been drinking that much this year, compared to what I used to  drink before, just moderate amounts perhaps twice a month at most and  last time I got really wasted was on New Year's Eve. I've been taking  Tramadol every few weeks, so my tolerance is non-existent or minimal. I  took Xanax and Ambien heavily in May and June, but stopped because of  stupid shit I did under their influence and now I take them only  occasionally, perhaps once a week. I've also been trying to lower my  amphetamine tolerance, that was sky high (hundreds of mg per day) and  I've been clean from amphetamine for around 10 days.  **What happened this night:**  I  invited my girlfriend and two other friends for a few drinks and  PlayStation games. They were at my place from 9 pm to 1 am. I will just  write my drugs schedule. Note: All the drugs were taken orally,  amphetamine was encapsulated and weighed on milligram scale, 75 ml  whisky was poured to glass and Pepsi and ice was added afterwards (I  don't like coke, both soft drink and the drug :P). Time is, of course,  approximate, since I didn't measure it to make scientific research, I  just had a small social meeting, but I was having another glass about  every hour.  8pm - Lamotrigine (Anticonvulsant)  9pm - 150mg Tramadol, 200mg Amphetamine, 75ml Whisky.  10pm - 150mg Tramadol, 200mg Amphetamine, 75ml Whisky.  11pm-  200mg Amphetamine, 75ml Whisky  12pm - 2mg Xanax, 75ml Whisky  At 1am my friends went home, I took a bicycle and accompanied them on their way.  The  problem is, all this time I actually felt nothing from those drugs.  Booze didn't give me a buzz, Tramadol didn't give me this funny feeling,  Xanax didn't relax me. The only thing I feel was wakefulness from  amphetamine.  I went and talked with my  mother about it (she knows I do drugs) and she told me to avoid such a  dangerous mix (obviously) and tell my psychiatrist (whom I also told  about my drug abuse) about my inability to get happy even with help of  drugs in horse doses. Side note: he keeps me on Lamotrigine right now,  as a mood stabilizer, which also happens to be anticonvulsant, which is  good, since both amphetamine and Tramadol lower your seizure threshold.  **What is my problem?**  I  am not really into booze right now, so I don't care about it. But the  problem is, that I need higher doses than other people to enjoy  Xanax/Ambien, Tramadol or even this stupid booze. I don't know why is  that, maybe I lack some enzymes that metabolize drugs? I am just  guessing. The thing is, I always needed more, that most folks and  effects I experienced after taking drugs were subjectively milder than  these of my friends.  I also really like  amphetamine. But even now, after 10 days break, my tolerance is sky  high, and amphetamine doesn't produce any psychological effects apart  from wakefulness. I tried few weeks before to take more amphetamine and  after reaching 1 gram (five 200mg pills every 30min) I started to shake,  so I stopped at this point and took Xanax to calm me down. Yet no  psychological effects were present even then except from wakefulness.  I  don't know, maybe I should make even longer tolerance break, perhaps it  is connected with my aforementioned mental issues, maybe I should see  my psychiatrist and discuss it with him, or maybe I should try some  different drugs? I just wanna feel happy, even for short period of time,  I don't care if it's chemically induced. What's your opinion about it?
8yj4rg,574,581,ADR,crashed,SSRIs,SSRIs,I got diagnosed with rapid-cycling bipolar II 4 days ago and I'm struggling to deal with it 4 days ago I had a review appointment with my psychiatrist. When I first saw him I was severely depressed and suicidal, this time I was hypomanic. He told me I seemed like a different person, and honestly I did feel like a different person.   So he took me off my SSRIs and started me on lamotrigine because my hypomania wasn't exactly healthy. Things were going amazing and I was still hypomanic until today. I barely slept last night I was so productive, and then today I steeply crashed from a 10/10 mood to a 1/10 mood. By 5pm I was crying and left class to go home feeling incredibly suicidal. I fortunately managed to calm down using my safety plan that I had written, but I still feel so dead.   I don't know if this is from the medication change or if this is just bipolar, but either way this is so shit. I'm so exhausted with these mood swings. My friends are exhausted with my mood swings. I'm so scared for the future, scared that lamotrigine won't work and I'll feel like this forever. I'm scared that next year when I start working in a hospital that I'll have a hypomanic episode and start laughing hysterically around patients when it is not appropriate to do so. I'm scared this will get me reported or even fired. Most of all, I'm scared that because I'm only 21, my condition will worsen.  I really wish things would be okay. I wish there was a magic pill that could make me better, but I know this is silly. I guess I just feel quite alone in my feelings and struggles and would love some virtual hugs.
8yj4rg,934,945,ADR,mood swings,SSRIs,SSRIs,I got diagnosed with rapid-cycling bipolar II 4 days ago and I'm struggling to deal with it 4 days ago I had a review appointment with my psychiatrist. When I first saw him I was severely depressed and suicidal, this time I was hypomanic. He told me I seemed like a different person, and honestly I did feel like a different person.   So he took me off my SSRIs and started me on lamotrigine because my hypomania wasn't exactly healthy. Things were going amazing and I was still hypomanic until today. I barely slept last night I was so productive, and then today I steeply crashed from a 10/10 mood to a 1/10 mood. By 5pm I was crying and left class to go home feeling incredibly suicidal. I fortunately managed to calm down using my safety plan that I had written, but I still feel so dead.   I don't know if this is from the medication change or if this is just bipolar, but either way this is so shit. I'm so exhausted with these mood swings. My friends are exhausted with my mood swings. I'm so scared for the future, scared that lamotrigine won't work and I'll feel like this forever. I'm scared that next year when I start working in a hospital that I'll have a hypomanic episode and start laughing hysterically around patients when it is not appropriate to do so. I'm scared this will get me reported or even fired. Most of all, I'm scared that because I'm only 21, my condition will worsen.  I really wish things would be okay. I wish there was a magic pill that could make me better, but I know this is silly. I guess I just feel quite alone in my feelings and struggles and would love some virtual hugs.
8yj4rg,1169,1186,ADR,hypomanic episode,SSRIs,SSRIs,I got diagnosed with rapid-cycling bipolar II 4 days ago and I'm struggling to deal with it 4 days ago I had a review appointment with my psychiatrist. When I first saw him I was severely depressed and suicidal, this time I was hypomanic. He told me I seemed like a different person, and honestly I did feel like a different person.   So he took me off my SSRIs and started me on lamotrigine because my hypomania wasn't exactly healthy. Things were going amazing and I was still hypomanic until today. I barely slept last night I was so productive, and then today I steeply crashed from a 10/10 mood to a 1/10 mood. By 5pm I was crying and left class to go home feeling incredibly suicidal. I fortunately managed to calm down using my safety plan that I had written, but I still feel so dead.   I don't know if this is from the medication change or if this is just bipolar, but either way this is so shit. I'm so exhausted with these mood swings. My friends are exhausted with my mood swings. I'm so scared for the future, scared that lamotrigine won't work and I'll feel like this forever. I'm scared that next year when I start working in a hospital that I'll have a hypomanic episode and start laughing hysterically around patients when it is not appropriate to do so. I'm scared this will get me reported or even fired. Most of all, I'm scared that because I'm only 21, my condition will worsen.  I really wish things would be okay. I wish there was a magic pill that could make me better, but I know this is silly. I guess I just feel quite alone in my feelings and struggles and would love some virtual hugs.
8yctw6,392,402,ADR,depressive,lamotrigine,lamotrigine,Increase in symptoms due to Iron/Vitamin deficiencies? Hello, I'm new to reddit and new to this sub, I don't know anyone with Bipolar, and after reading on here for a while, thought that you guys might be the right people to ask. I'm diagnosed since 2007 (had symptoms since 2004), Bipolar 1, currently on Lamotrigine (since 2003, I think), and I used to be relatively stable apart from mild depressive and mild hypomanic episodes every so often. I've taken a lot of meds since my diagnosis and ultimately stuck to this one because everything else was either ineffective or caused massive side-effects – I'm not too sure it does anything at all, but at least I've been fine enough to keep my life in order. I have other disorders as well but they don't really overlap and can probably be ignored in the context of this topic.  My condition has deteriorated over the last couple of months, I went from depressive (felt completely empty, couldn't get anything done, cried for no reason, etc.) over to (hypo)manic (very hyper, couldn't shut up, couldn't sleep, started countless things and then lost interest, etc.) in a more or less constant circle. I might have been “normal” for a short time in between but it's hard to tell. Right now I'm hypomanic again and noticed some paranoia on top, this might be caused by a lack of sleep but I can't say that for sure just jet, I have to see how it is after I got a bit more sleep.  I talked to my doctor and he checked the Lamotrigine level in my blood, it's sufficient, but I have a pretty serious Iron deficiency and probably some Vitamin deficiency as well. He thinks that the increase in symptoms is likely caused by those deficiencies, especially the Iron one, so he wants to wait until I got my levels up to normal.  I'm just wondering if that's a known possibility and if someone had this problem, or knows someone who had it. I'm starting with Iron and Vitamin supplements at the end of this week, it would be good to know how long it usually takes for an effect to kick in (I forgot to ask him about this and now I can't, my next appointment is in three months).
8yctw6,416,421,ADR,manic,lamotrigine,lamotrigine,Increase in symptoms due to Iron/Vitamin deficiencies? Hello, I'm new to reddit and new to this sub, I don't know anyone with Bipolar, and after reading on here for a while, thought that you guys might be the right people to ask. I'm diagnosed since 2007 (had symptoms since 2004), Bipolar 1, currently on Lamotrigine (since 2003, I think), and I used to be relatively stable apart from mild depressive and mild hypomanic episodes every so often. I've taken a lot of meds since my diagnosis and ultimately stuck to this one because everything else was either ineffective or caused massive side-effects – I'm not too sure it does anything at all, but at least I've been fine enough to keep my life in order. I have other disorders as well but they don't really overlap and can probably be ignored in the context of this topic.  My condition has deteriorated over the last couple of months, I went from depressive (felt completely empty, couldn't get anything done, cried for no reason, etc.) over to (hypo)manic (very hyper, couldn't shut up, couldn't sleep, started countless things and then lost interest, etc.) in a more or less constant circle. I might have been “normal” for a short time in between but it's hard to tell. Right now I'm hypomanic again and noticed some paranoia on top, this might be caused by a lack of sleep but I can't say that for sure just jet, I have to see how it is after I got a bit more sleep.  I talked to my doctor and he checked the Lamotrigine level in my blood, it's sufficient, but I have a pretty serious Iron deficiency and probably some Vitamin deficiency as well. He thinks that the increase in symptoms is likely caused by those deficiencies, especially the Iron one, so he wants to wait until I got my levels up to normal.  I'm just wondering if that's a known possibility and if someone had this problem, or knows someone who had it. I'm starting with Iron and Vitamin supplements at the end of this week, it would be good to know how long it usually takes for an effect to kick in (I forgot to ask him about this and now I can't, my next appointment is in three months).
8yctw6,1542,1557,ADR,Iron deficiency,lamotrigine,lamotrigine,Increase in symptoms due to Iron/Vitamin deficiencies? Hello, I'm new to reddit and new to this sub, I don't know anyone with Bipolar, and after reading on here for a while, thought that you guys might be the right people to ask. I'm diagnosed since 2007 (had symptoms since 2004), Bipolar 1, currently on Lamotrigine (since 2003, I think), and I used to be relatively stable apart from mild depressive and mild hypomanic episodes every so often. I've taken a lot of meds since my diagnosis and ultimately stuck to this one because everything else was either ineffective or caused massive side-effects – I'm not too sure it does anything at all, but at least I've been fine enough to keep my life in order. I have other disorders as well but they don't really overlap and can probably be ignored in the context of this topic.  My condition has deteriorated over the last couple of months, I went from depressive (felt completely empty, couldn't get anything done, cried for no reason, etc.) over to (hypo)manic (very hyper, couldn't shut up, couldn't sleep, started countless things and then lost interest, etc.) in a more or less constant circle. I might have been “normal” for a short time in between but it's hard to tell. Right now I'm hypomanic again and noticed some paranoia on top, this might be caused by a lack of sleep but I can't say that for sure just jet, I have to see how it is after I got a bit more sleep.  I talked to my doctor and he checked the Lamotrigine level in my blood, it's sufficient, but I have a pretty serious Iron deficiency and probably some Vitamin deficiency as well. He thinks that the increase in symptoms is likely caused by those deficiencies, especially the Iron one, so he wants to wait until I got my levels up to normal.  I'm just wondering if that's a known possibility and if someone had this problem, or knows someone who had it. I'm starting with Iron and Vitamin supplements at the end of this week, it would be good to know how long it usually takes for an effect to kick in (I forgot to ask him about this and now I can't, my next appointment is in three months).
8y60qp,1207,1214,ADR,binging,lamotrigine,lamotrigine,I’ve binged over 3,000 calories a day for almost two weeks straight. I’m new here. I didn’t think I’d ever post but I’m upset and have no one else to talk to.   I’ve always been pretty independent due to a rough childhood but the last few years have fucked. me. up. I now live with my boyfriend’s family, after having a kid (after only being together 1.5 months) I feel like a damn statistic. I support my family of three on my $10 an hour job while he does school full-time for his engineering degree.   Anyway, I’m so down in the dumps that I’ve binged, every single day. I’m a fairly small frame. A healthy weight range for me is 115-120. (5’1” so any additional weight makes me look 2x as big since it has no were to go but out) I’m almost 155 now and I feel like I just can’t stop myself from becoming the train wreck that I feel I am.   I’ve been depressed and untreated since childhood (and have made so many bad choices from it) but luckily an old family friend ha stepped up and offered to foot my $200 a month bill to see a psych. Right now I’m on 50 mg lamotrigine but it’s not helping. I’ve already been through Prozac and Zoloft. Nothing is helping. I’m even on 80mg Vyvance for ADHD and STILL binging daily to the point of pain, and shame.   Without trying to sound dramatic I honestly feel like I’ll never be happy and it scares the shit out of me. How do you guys talk yourselves down from the ledge? I’m lost. I need help.
8y5xon,292,301,ADR,confusion,lamotrigine,lamotrigine,Confusion around real memories &amp; false memories Hi all, I was recently diagnosed with deja vu seizure disorder. I'm on a titration schedule for Lamotrigine and only at 50mg so far. I think such a low dosage shouldn't have any side effects, but maybe it could? Has anyone here experienced confusion as a side effect of Lamotrigine?  I'm increasingly struggling to know whether a particularly strong memory is something that really happened, or if it's a kind of hallucination. The more I try to think about the memories in question, the more they slip away. It happens at least once a day and I feel like I'm going crazy.
8y5xon,465,478,ADR,hallucination,lamotrigine,lamotrigine,Confusion around real memories &amp; false memories Hi all, I was recently diagnosed with deja vu seizure disorder. I'm on a titration schedule for Lamotrigine and only at 50mg so far. I think such a low dosage shouldn't have any side effects, but maybe it could? Has anyone here experienced confusion as a side effect of Lamotrigine?  I'm increasingly struggling to know whether a particularly strong memory is something that really happened, or if it's a kind of hallucination. The more I try to think about the memories in question, the more they slip away. It happens at least once a day and I feel like I'm going crazy.
8zt3h7,36,50,ADR,swollen ankles,baclofen,baclofen,Any experience with amphetamine and swollen ankles? Hi guys, after using some street amphetamine for 4 days in combination with gbl, I started feeling some pain in my leg, here's the full story:  I had a huge project that needed a lot of work, so decided to buy some street speed. Dissolved it in vodka and started dosing with 20mg shots orally. Didn't sleep for 2 nights in a row. At first I was redosing every 6 hours, last day it got to something like every 2 hours, felt physically great so far. Because of constant combo with gbl, multivitamins, magnesium citrate and baclofen, didn't get any adverse effects on my heart or any edginess. After getting an hour of sleep I woke up with some pressure in my chest, but that happens because of gbl wds, dosed a bit more of baclofen and started feeling better. Didn't dose any amphs afterwards until the evening, when I redosed with 20mg and an additional 20 30mins later. Over the whole four days I have had a total 1g of amph. That night I started feeling some pain in my leg. In the morning I noticed that my ankle is red and swollen, another ankle is also probably somewhat swollen, but much less. It is slightly painfull to walk. Haven't used any amphs yesterday and got 10 hours of sleep, but my ankles are still swollen, though less painfull.  Has this ever happened to any of you? Is it a medical emergency and I should call an ambulance or should I just rest and it should get back to normal by itself?  As I understand, it is a fluid buildup, is there any chance of serious kidney damage or is it just kidney strain and should go away with rest? If I go to ER, in my country, I will be fined and have huge legal consequences for having used amphetamine, so would like to avoid it unless it is necessary. I just have a huge regret for my stupidity to undergo such a journey.
8zt3h7,1533,1546,ADR,kidney damage,baclofen,baclofen,Any experience with amphetamine and swollen ankles? Hi guys, after using some street amphetamine for 4 days in combination with gbl, I started feeling some pain in my leg, here's the full story:  I had a huge project that needed a lot of work, so decided to buy some street speed. Dissolved it in vodka and started dosing with 20mg shots orally. Didn't sleep for 2 nights in a row. At first I was redosing every 6 hours, last day it got to something like every 2 hours, felt physically great so far. Because of constant combo with gbl, multivitamins, magnesium citrate and baclofen, didn't get any adverse effects on my heart or any edginess. After getting an hour of sleep I woke up with some pressure in my chest, but that happens because of gbl wds, dosed a bit more of baclofen and started feeling better. Didn't dose any amphs afterwards until the evening, when I redosed with 20mg and an additional 20 30mins later. Over the whole four days I have had a total 1g of amph. That night I started feeling some pain in my leg. In the morning I noticed that my ankle is red and swollen, another ankle is also probably somewhat swollen, but much less. It is slightly painfull to walk. Haven't used any amphs yesterday and got 10 hours of sleep, but my ankles are still swollen, though less painfull.  Has this ever happened to any of you? Is it a medical emergency and I should call an ambulance or should I just rest and it should get back to normal by itself?  As I understand, it is a fluid buildup, is there any chance of serious kidney damage or is it just kidney strain and should go away with rest? If I go to ER, in my country, I will be fined and have huge legal consequences for having used amphetamine, so would like to avoid it unless it is necessary. I just have a huge regret for my stupidity to undergo such a journey.
8zshjg,16,30,ADR,swollen ankles,Amphetamine,Amphetamine,Amphetamine and swollen ankles Hi guys, after using some street amphetamine for 4 days in combination with gbl, I started feeling some pain in my leg, here's the full story:  I had a huge project that needed a lot of work, so decided to buy some street speed. Dissolved it in vodka and started dosing with 20mg shots orally. Didn't sleep for 2 nights in a row. At first I was redosing every 6 hours, last day it got to something like every 2 hours, felt physically great so far. Because of constant combo with gbl, multivitamins, magnesium citrate and baclofen, didn't get any adverse effects on my heart or any edginess. After getting an hour of sleep I woke up with some pressure in my chest, but that happens because of gbl wds, dosed a bit more of baclofen and started feeling better. Didn't dose any amphs afterwards until the evening, when I redosed with 20mg and an additional 20 30mins later. Over the whole four days I have had a total 1g of amph. That night I started feeling some pain in my leg. In the morning I noticed that my ankle is red and swollen, another ankle is also probably somewhat swollen, but much less. It is slightly painfull to walk. Haven't used any amphs yesterday and got 10 hours of sleep, but my ankles are still swollen, though less painfull.  Has this ever happened to any of you? Is it a medical emergency and I should call an ambulance or should I just rest and it should get back to normal by itself?  As I understand, it is a fluid buildup, is there any chance of serious kidney damage or is it just kidney strain and should go away with rest? If I go to ER, in my country, I will be fined and have huge legal consequences for having used amphetamine, so would like to avoid it unless it is necessary. I just have a huge regret for my stupidity to undergo such a journey.
8zshjg,1512,1525,ADR,kidney damage,Amphetamine,Amphetamine,Amphetamine and swollen ankles Hi guys, after using some street amphetamine for 4 days in combination with gbl, I started feeling some pain in my leg, here's the full story:  I had a huge project that needed a lot of work, so decided to buy some street speed. Dissolved it in vodka and started dosing with 20mg shots orally. Didn't sleep for 2 nights in a row. At first I was redosing every 6 hours, last day it got to something like every 2 hours, felt physically great so far. Because of constant combo with gbl, multivitamins, magnesium citrate and baclofen, didn't get any adverse effects on my heart or any edginess. After getting an hour of sleep I woke up with some pressure in my chest, but that happens because of gbl wds, dosed a bit more of baclofen and started feeling better. Didn't dose any amphs afterwards until the evening, when I redosed with 20mg and an additional 20 30mins later. Over the whole four days I have had a total 1g of amph. That night I started feeling some pain in my leg. In the morning I noticed that my ankle is red and swollen, another ankle is also probably somewhat swollen, but much less. It is slightly painfull to walk. Haven't used any amphs yesterday and got 10 hours of sleep, but my ankles are still swollen, though less painfull.  Has this ever happened to any of you? Is it a medical emergency and I should call an ambulance or should I just rest and it should get back to normal by itself?  As I understand, it is a fluid buildup, is there any chance of serious kidney damage or is it just kidney strain and should go away with rest? If I go to ER, in my country, I will be fined and have huge legal consequences for having used amphetamine, so would like to avoid it unless it is necessary. I just have a huge regret for my stupidity to undergo such a journey.
8zp8ov,128,136,ADR,headache,baclofen,baclofen,Non-Stop Headache Cervical Herniated Disc Please Help!! Maybe occipital neuralgia? Hello,  Back in early June I started getting headaches with a light headed feeling out of the blue one morning when I woke up. I went to my Sports Medicine Doctor and he said I had a cervical headache and that I should go to PT. I had quite a few painful pressure points in my back and shoulder and my muscles in my neck were very stiff. The back of my head hurt and the area where my head connects to my neck also hurt. I took some Aleve, got a massage and started PT and they went away. This was about a 2 week time frame. The Aleve helped the pain to the point I could still function. Then two weeks passed and I had no symptoms until the night of June 24th when I "came down" with another headache. It woke me up in the middle of the night. I had an anxious feeling and light headed, bad headache. Took some Aleve, which I think helped and went back to sleep. The next morning I still had the headache, but then the following two days it started to feel better until June 28th, where it felt like it got worse. Then it progressively got worse over the weekend to the point where it stopped responding to the Aleve and Tylenol I was taking. It got so bad that I went to the ER because I have Factor V (a blood clot disorder). They checked me out and gave me some Reglan/Benedryl and sent me home. It didn't help. The next day I emailed my doctor (he was out of town) and he prescribed me some Sumatriptan which also didn't help. The headache continued to be really terrible until I went back to the ER where they did a CT scan and found nothing. They gave me more headache cocktails which didn't help. I stopped taking the Aleve and Tylenol all together at this point b/c I was afraid of MOH headache. I finally got to see my doctor and he started me on Baclofen 10mg twice a day which helps a little, but the headache which was at an 8/9 is now between a 5-7, depending on the time of the day. I got an MRI of my neck done and it showed a shallow herniated disc at C5-C6 (just got the results yesterday). I have also been at a new PT place for 1.5 weeks now and I will start treatment for the disc tomorrow at PT.  Here are my symptoms:  Female, 35, good health, normal weight. Never had headaches before.  My headache has never gone away since July 1st  Extremely tight suboccipital muscles  Muscle spams in my neck  Pain at the base of my head between where my neck meets my head  Tender areas behind my head that sometimes radiate pain and is intermittent, comes and goes  Pins and needles feeling at the base of my head  Pain that radiates down my neck in between my shoulder blades sometimes "flaring up" knots  Temple headache that feels fiery at time - this is what is causing me a lot of pain  Overall pressure between my temples  Pressure/pain d my eye sometimes  Jaw tenderness where my jaw meets my neck that is intermittent  Overall tight feeling in neck when I move it in all directions  The headache is always worse in the mornings  Ice/heat generally make things feel better  Do you think this headache is being caused by my herniated disc? Do you think I should try a stronger NSAID for a few days like Meloxicam to see if my muscles stop spasming? Should I try a different muscle relaxer than Baclofen? I tried taking Baclofen 3x/day and it made me have a bad nightmare so I stopped and thinking I want to get off of it completely and try a different one (with the help of a doctor). Does anyone think this is occipital neuralgia? I'm supposed to see a neuro next week. PLEASE HELP! I can't live my life in such pain and it's causing me extreme anxiety.
8zp8ov,128,137,ADR,headaches,baclofen,baclofen,Non-Stop Headache Cervical Herniated Disc Please Help!! Maybe occipital neuralgia? Hello,  Back in early June I started getting headaches with a light headed feeling out of the blue one morning when I woke up. I went to my Sports Medicine Doctor and he said I had a cervical headache and that I should go to PT. I had quite a few painful pressure points in my back and shoulder and my muscles in my neck were very stiff. The back of my head hurt and the area where my head connects to my neck also hurt. I took some Aleve, got a massage and started PT and they went away. This was about a 2 week time frame. The Aleve helped the pain to the point I could still function. Then two weeks passed and I had no symptoms until the night of June 24th when I "came down" with another headache. It woke me up in the middle of the night. I had an anxious feeling and light headed, bad headache. Took some Aleve, which I think helped and went back to sleep. The next morning I still had the headache, but then the following two days it started to feel better until June 28th, where it felt like it got worse. Then it progressively got worse over the weekend to the point where it stopped responding to the Aleve and Tylenol I was taking. It got so bad that I went to the ER because I have Factor V (a blood clot disorder). They checked me out and gave me some Reglan/Benedryl and sent me home. It didn't help. The next day I emailed my doctor (he was out of town) and he prescribed me some Sumatriptan which also didn't help. The headache continued to be really terrible until I went back to the ER where they did a CT scan and found nothing. They gave me more headache cocktails which didn't help. I stopped taking the Aleve and Tylenol all together at this point b/c I was afraid of MOH headache. I finally got to see my doctor and he started me on Baclofen 10mg twice a day which helps a little, but the headache which was at an 8/9 is now between a 5-7, depending on the time of the day. I got an MRI of my neck done and it showed a shallow herniated disc at C5-C6 (just got the results yesterday). I have also been at a new PT place for 1.5 weeks now and I will start treatment for the disc tomorrow at PT.  Here are my symptoms:  Female, 35, good health, normal weight. Never had headaches before.  My headache has never gone away since July 1st  Extremely tight suboccipital muscles  Muscle spams in my neck  Pain at the base of my head between where my neck meets my head  Tender areas behind my head that sometimes radiate pain and is intermittent, comes and goes  Pins and needles feeling at the base of my head  Pain that radiates down my neck in between my shoulder blades sometimes "flaring up" knots  Temple headache that feels fiery at time - this is what is causing me a lot of pain  Overall pressure between my temples  Pressure/pain d my eye sometimes  Jaw tenderness where my jaw meets my neck that is intermittent  Overall tight feeling in neck when I move it in all directions  The headache is always worse in the mornings  Ice/heat generally make things feel better  Do you think this headache is being caused by my herniated disc? Do you think I should try a stronger NSAID for a few days like Meloxicam to see if my muscles stop spasming? Should I try a different muscle relaxer than Baclofen? I tried taking Baclofen 3x/day and it made me have a bad nightmare so I stopped and thinking I want to get off of it completely and try a different one (with the help of a doctor). Does anyone think this is occipital neuralgia? I'm supposed to see a neuro next week. PLEASE HELP! I can't live my life in such pain and it's causing me extreme anxiety.
8ysbpe,314,321,ADR,craving,baclofen,baclofen,Anyone know anything about SKF-97,541 or Lesogabaran? I'm a recovering drug addict, so I'd be willing to be a guinea pig for this stuff. It seems very similar to Baclofen, but stronger.  I hear that they're looking into GABA as the go-to neurotransmitter for treating addiction because things like Baclofen reduce craving intensity and duration, help combat depression and anxiety, dull physical and emotional pain or trauma, and reduce impulsivity.  It's pretty interesting to learn about.  I think the primary receptor they're focusing on is GABAb, since obviously most things that agonize GABAa could either be considered a relapse, lead to bad decision making, or just aren't really sustainable for long-term treatment, as benzodiazepines, barbiturates and alcohol have the most deadly withdrawal symptoms of any other drugs.  While I'd ask if you guys knew where to get these, unfortunately the rules prohibit it.
8ysbpe,358,368,ADR,depression,baclofen,baclofen,Anyone know anything about SKF-97,541 or Lesogabaran? I'm a recovering drug addict, so I'd be willing to be a guinea pig for this stuff. It seems very similar to Baclofen, but stronger.  I hear that they're looking into GABA as the go-to neurotransmitter for treating addiction because things like Baclofen reduce craving intensity and duration, help combat depression and anxiety, dull physical and emotional pain or trauma, and reduce impulsivity.  It's pretty interesting to learn about.  I think the primary receptor they're focusing on is GABAb, since obviously most things that agonize GABAa could either be considered a relapse, lead to bad decision making, or just aren't really sustainable for long-term treatment, as benzodiazepines, barbiturates and alcohol have the most deadly withdrawal symptoms of any other drugs.  While I'd ask if you guys knew where to get these, unfortunately the rules prohibit it.
8ysbpe,373,381,ADR,anxiety,,baclofen,baclofen,Anyone know anything about SKF-97,541 or Lesogabaran? I'm a recovering drug addict, so I'd be willing to be a guinea pig for this stuff. It seems very similar to Baclofen, but stronger.  I hear that they're looking into GABA as the go-to neurotransmitter for treating addiction because things like Baclofen reduce craving intensity and duration, help combat depression and anxiety, dull physical and emotional pain or trauma, and reduce impulsivity.  It's pretty interesting to learn about.  I think the primary receptor they're focusing on is GABAb, since obviously most things that agonize GABAa could either be considered a relapse, lead to bad decision making, or just aren't really sustainable for long-term treatment, as benzodiazepines, barbiturates and alcohol have the most deadly withdrawal symptoms of any other drugs.  While I'd ask if you guys knew where to get these, unfortunately the rules prohibit it.
8ysbpe,437,449,ADR,impulsivity.,baclofen,baclofen,Anyone know anything about SKF-97,541 or Lesogabaran? I'm a recovering drug addict, so I'd be willing to be a guinea pig for this stuff. It seems very similar to Baclofen, but stronger.  I hear that they're looking into GABA as the go-to neurotransmitter for treating addiction because things like Baclofen reduce craving intensity and duration, help combat depression and anxiety, dull physical and emotional pain or trauma, and reduce impulsivity.  It's pretty interesting to learn about.  I think the primary receptor they're focusing on is GABAb, since obviously most things that agonize GABAa could either be considered a relapse, lead to bad decision making, or just aren't really sustainable for long-term treatment, as benzodiazepines, barbiturates and alcohol have the most deadly withdrawal symptoms of any other drugs.  While I'd ask if you guys knew where to get these, unfortunately the rules prohibit it.
8ysbpe,790,800,ADR,withdrawal,benzodiazepines,benzodiazepines,Anyone know anything about SKF-97,541 or Lesogabaran? I'm a recovering drug addict, so I'd be willing to be a guinea pig for this stuff. It seems very similar to Baclofen, but stronger.  I hear that they're looking into GABA as the go-to neurotransmitter for treating addiction because things like Baclofen reduce craving intensity and duration, help combat depression and anxiety, dull physical and emotional pain or trauma, and reduce impulsivity.  It's pretty interesting to learn about.  I think the primary receptor they're focusing on is GABAb, since obviously most things that agonize GABAa could either be considered a relapse, lead to bad decision making, or just aren't really sustainable for long-term treatment, as benzodiazepines, barbiturates and alcohol have the most deadly withdrawal symptoms of any other drugs.  While I'd ask if you guys knew where to get these, unfortunately the rules prohibit it.
8ykdff,238,245,ADR,anxiety,phenibut,phenibut,No patience for tapering- 36 hours into cold turkey Tapering didn't work for me. I decided to quit cold turkey off a 5.2 gram a day habit for a year. The last week before I quit I started needing more than 5.2 grams to avoid the terrible anxiety I would get rebounding off phenibut. I had to just be done. I just threw out all of my phenibut. I have xanax for one week, but one week only. I use kratom and I have some good indica edibles. I don't usually smoke weed anymore but it seems to be helping. 36 hours in, so far so good. I took next week off work because I know that it will most likely get worse. From what I hear, withdrawals really set in 48-72 hours in. I also am prescribed lyrica which helps as well. I have baclofen on the way that should be arriving today. My question is, should I skip the baclofen? Will that just prolong my withdrawals? I think if I can make it without it I definitely will avoid it. Anyone have any cold turkey experiences? Advice? If it stays the way it is I can definitely handle this, but I know it is probably going to get worse. Wish me luck!!!! Fuck phenibut.
8ykdff,626,637,ADR,withdrawals,baclofen,baclofen,No patience for tapering- 36 hours into cold turkey Tapering didn't work for me. I decided to quit cold turkey off a 5.2 gram a day habit for a year. The last week before I quit I started needing more than 5.2 grams to avoid the terrible anxiety I would get rebounding off phenibut. I had to just be done. I just threw out all of my phenibut. I have xanax for one week, but one week only. I use kratom and I have some good indica edibles. I don't usually smoke weed anymore but it seems to be helping. 36 hours in, so far so good. I took next week off work because I know that it will most likely get worse. From what I hear, withdrawals really set in 48-72 hours in. I also am prescribed lyrica which helps as well. I have baclofen on the way that should be arriving today. My question is, should I skip the baclofen? Will that just prolong my withdrawals? I think if I can make it without it I definitely will avoid it. Anyone have any cold turkey experiences? Advice? If it stays the way it is I can definitely handle this, but I know it is probably going to get worse. Wish me luck!!!! Fuck phenibut.
8ygwt7,28,39,ADR,withdrawals,etizolam,etizolam,Best gabaergic for etizolam withdrawals Im looking for info like which would be most effective at alleviating symptoms vs how bad the wds would be getting off the gabaergic replacement. For example ive found two weeks of lyrica at high doses (900mgs/day) to have virtually no wds, and months of high dose neurontin equally easy.  At the same time im reading reports of baclofen being horrible to detox from and according to the literature it should be the easiest. So lots of conflicting info out there. Im considering neurontin, lyrica (these are expensive esp at the doses i would need), baclofen, buspar, gbl or 1,4 bdo. . . Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated. I would use kava but im also on warfarin and i had a bad reaction to the two. Inr went to 6 and i lost consciousness in my car and woke up in the er. Thx in advance for any personal experience/info
8ygwt7,772,790,ADR,lost consciousness,baclofen,baclofen,Best gabaergic for etizolam withdrawals Im looking for info like which would be most effective at alleviating symptoms vs how bad the wds would be getting off the gabaergic replacement. For example ive found two weeks of lyrica at high doses (900mgs/day) to have virtually no wds, and months of high dose neurontin equally easy.  At the same time im reading reports of baclofen being horrible to detox from and according to the literature it should be the easiest. So lots of conflicting info out there. Im considering neurontin, lyrica (these are expensive esp at the doses i would need), baclofen, buspar, gbl or 1,4 bdo. . . Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated. I would use kava but im also on warfarin and i had a bad reaction to the two. Inr went to 6 and i lost consciousness in my car and woke up in the er. Thx in advance for any personal experience/info
8yb7i8,71,79,ADR,detoxing,baclofen,baclofen,New here, looking for support Hey guys and gals, I too am tapering off/detoxing from subs.  I got from 16 mgs the past 10 years down to 2 mg for a month.  Staying with my family to finish my taper.  I have six 2 mg films left to cut down and that is it.  Family said I cannot get more subs to do a softer, less invasive taper.  I am open to any and all suggestions and  would love some support as I get this done to enter sober living.  I have gabapentin, doxepin, baclofen and clonidine to help with the wd's.  I tried cutting the film in half down to 1mg and holy hell I was flip flopping in bed feeling super restless and out of my mind irritable.   Anyway, today I tool around 1.75.  Will see how it goes.  I read that taking little pieces rather than the whole dose at once helps?  Any links and reading material to educate my family would be appreciated.  I am hoping after reading all the info they may allow me to get a script but I am definitly not counting on it.  Namaste\~  Christine
8yb7i8,640,649,ADR,irritable,baclofen,baclofen,New here, looking for support Hey guys and gals, I too am tapering off/detoxing from subs.  I got from 16 mgs the past 10 years down to 2 mg for a month.  Staying with my family to finish my taper.  I have six 2 mg films left to cut down and that is it.  Family said I cannot get more subs to do a softer, less invasive taper.  I am open to any and all suggestions and  would love some support as I get this done to enter sober living.  I have gabapentin, doxepin, baclofen and clonidine to help with the wd's.  I tried cutting the film in half down to 1mg and holy hell I was flip flopping in bed feeling super restless and out of my mind irritable.   Anyway, today I tool around 1.75.  Will see how it goes.  I read that taking little pieces rather than the whole dose at once helps?  Any links and reading material to educate my family would be appreciated.  I am hoping after reading all the info they may allow me to get a script but I am definitly not counting on it.  Namaste\~  Christine
8xzuu9,118,129,ADR,withdrawal.,phenibut,phenibut,Substance Guide: Quitting Phenibut In this guide I'll be going over several substances I've used to mitigate phenibut withdrawal. I have not been in phenibut withdrawal for some time, but I hope this helps some of you out there. I'll be using a star rating system.  ★☆☆ = Not recommended/dangerous  ★★☆ = Use with caution OR somewhat recommended  ★★★ = Recommended, give it a shot.  ---  #Fasoracetam  To start, Fasoracetam has been essential in my taper. It upregulates GABA-B and many use it for their tolerance on their off-days. I found that while taking Fasoracetam, my lethargy eased by leaps and bounds. After a week, it really started to work its magic. I found myself more motivated than usual and some of the music enhancement had returned after taking phenibut daily for several months. My anxiety was also as low as it was when I first started taking phenibut.   *However,* I did find myself to get more irritable than usual. In Skype/Discord calls with a good friend of mine, random things he did would get on my nerves. I watched the Joe Budden podcast and Joe danced around the subject he was going to talk about and joked about this or that. This made me incredibly annoyed as I just wanted to hear him talk about the subject—which is not something that'd happen with no Fasoracetam.  **Rating: ★★★**  ---  #Klonopin  There is not much to say about this. Klonopin completely destroys Phenibut withdrawal. Its long half life ensures no withdrawal symptoms for several hours, and it was godsend. But I can't recommend Klonopin because it's a benzodiazepine. It would be trading one habit for another, due to the fact Phenibut withdrawal lasts 7 to 11 days—and the withdrawal could potentially be worse. I found taking Xanax to mitigate my Phenibut withdrawal led to me having a mini panic attack while walking home. Klonopin is no different.  **Rating: ★☆☆** (good for w/d, but too risky)  ---  #Gabapentin  Gabapentin is perhaps the best substance I've found to deal with Phenibut withdrawal. Taking Gabapentin when out of Phenibut and waiting for more has completely overshadowed Phenibut withdrawal. I mean no withdrawal whatsoever. Gabapentin *does* have its own high, however. It can be extremely moreish, so be careful not to use too much Gabapentin and run out when you are using it for your taper/cold turkey withdrawal.   Phenibut and Gabapentin also potentiate each other, so account for this when dosing. Unfortunately Gabapentin tolerance also builds extremely quickly, but if you don't dose very high at all, you will be fine.  I have not had any withdrawals from Gabapentin other than having trouble sleeping for a couple days. No mood or anxiety symptoms. Withdrawal symptoms *are* reported, though. So be careful.  **Rating: ★★★**  ---  #Kratom  Kratom is very, very good for mood when withdrawing from Phenibut. It's also good for anxiety, however, the half-life is fairly short, and only provides relief for a short amount of time. I found that Kratom wore off after maybe three to five hours. I would advise caution using Kratom as it *is* an opioid. It's very easy to get addicted to. I haven't gotten addicted to it myself, but I often see people tapering off of Phenibut and simultaneously having a Kratom addiction.  **Rating: ★★☆**   ---  #L-Theanine  L-Theanine is weak and somewhat effective for withdrawal. It helps mitigate mild anxiety, but not much more than that. It can help with mood and anxiety if taken every day, multiple times a day. It's fairly harmless, so no need to worry about withdrawal or anything like that. I find it improves my mood and helps my anxiety but to a very mild degree. Still, I'd say give it a shot.  **Rating: ★★☆**  ---  #Baclofen  I have not tried Baclofen, but if someone writes up their experience and gives it a rating, I will put it here.  **Rating: N/A**  --- #Ambien  Alright, this one was bad. Taking Ambien in withdrawal didn't stop panic attacks for me, it just stopped the physical feeling of them. I still got the mental feeling of something bad happening and having to do something to stop it. I still freaked the fuck out on it. It did help to mitigate anxiety, as in it was completely gone, but my mood was still terrible and I still had a panic attack. I used to love ambien and using it recreationally, but it is not good for Phenibut withdrawal. It is also addictive and has its own withdrawal. So be cautious.  **Rating: ★☆☆**
8xzuu9,504,513,ADR,tolerance,gabapentin,gabapentin,Substance Guide: Quitting Phenibut In this guide I'll be going over several substances I've used to mitigate phenibut withdrawal. I have not been in phenibut withdrawal for some time, but I hope this helps some of you out there. I'll be using a star rating system.  ★☆☆ = Not recommended/dangerous  ★★☆ = Use with caution OR somewhat recommended  ★★★ = Recommended, give it a shot.  ---  #Fasoracetam  To start, Fasoracetam has been essential in my taper. It upregulates GABA-B and many use it for their tolerance on their off-days. I found that while taking Fasoracetam, my lethargy eased by leaps and bounds. After a week, it really started to work its magic. I found myself more motivated than usual and some of the music enhancement had returned after taking phenibut daily for several months. My anxiety was also as low as it was when I first started taking phenibut.   *However,* I did find myself to get more irritable than usual. In Skype/Discord calls with a good friend of mine, random things he did would get on my nerves. I watched the Joe Budden podcast and Joe danced around the subject he was going to talk about and joked about this or that. This made me incredibly annoyed as I just wanted to hear him talk about the subject—which is not something that'd happen with no Fasoracetam.  **Rating: ★★★**  ---  #Klonopin  There is not much to say about this. Klonopin completely destroys Phenibut withdrawal. Its long half life ensures no withdrawal symptoms for several hours, and it was godsend. But I can't recommend Klonopin because it's a benzodiazepine. It would be trading one habit for another, due to the fact Phenibut withdrawal lasts 7 to 11 days—and the withdrawal could potentially be worse. I found taking Xanax to mitigate my Phenibut withdrawal led to me having a mini panic attack while walking home. Klonopin is no different.  **Rating: ★☆☆** (good for w/d, but too risky)  ---  #Gabapentin  Gabapentin is perhaps the best substance I've found to deal with Phenibut withdrawal. Taking Gabapentin when out of Phenibut and waiting for more has completely overshadowed Phenibut withdrawal. I mean no withdrawal whatsoever. Gabapentin *does* have its own high, however. It can be extremely moreish, so be careful not to use too much Gabapentin and run out when you are using it for your taper/cold turkey withdrawal.   Phenibut and Gabapentin also potentiate each other, so account for this when dosing. Unfortunately Gabapentin tolerance also builds extremely quickly, but if you don't dose very high at all, you will be fine.  I have not had any withdrawals from Gabapentin other than having trouble sleeping for a couple days. No mood or anxiety symptoms. Withdrawal symptoms *are* reported, though. So be careful.  **Rating: ★★★**  ---  #Kratom  Kratom is very, very good for mood when withdrawing from Phenibut. It's also good for anxiety, however, the half-life is fairly short, and only provides relief for a short amount of time. I found that Kratom wore off after maybe three to five hours. I would advise caution using Kratom as it *is* an opioid. It's very easy to get addicted to. I haven't gotten addicted to it myself, but I often see people tapering off of Phenibut and simultaneously having a Kratom addiction.  **Rating: ★★☆**   ---  #L-Theanine  L-Theanine is weak and somewhat effective for withdrawal. It helps mitigate mild anxiety, but not much more than that. It can help with mood and anxiety if taken every day, multiple times a day. It's fairly harmless, so no need to worry about withdrawal or anything like that. I find it improves my mood and helps my anxiety but to a very mild degree. Still, I'd say give it a shot.  **Rating: ★★☆**  ---  #Baclofen  I have not tried Baclofen, but if someone writes up their experience and gives it a rating, I will put it here.  **Rating: N/A**  --- #Ambien  Alright, this one was bad. Taking Ambien in withdrawal didn't stop panic attacks for me, it just stopped the physical feeling of them. I still got the mental feeling of something bad happening and having to do something to stop it. I still freaked the fuck out on it. It did help to mitigate anxiety, as in it was completely gone, but my mood was still terrible and I still had a panic attack. I used to love ambien and using it recreationally, but it is not good for Phenibut withdrawal. It is also addictive and has its own withdrawal. So be cautious.  **Rating: ★☆☆**
8xzuu9,916,925,ADR,irritable,phenibut,phenibut,Substance Guide: Quitting Phenibut In this guide I'll be going over several substances I've used to mitigate phenibut withdrawal. I have not been in phenibut withdrawal for some time, but I hope this helps some of you out there. I'll be using a star rating system.  ★☆☆ = Not recommended/dangerous  ★★☆ = Use with caution OR somewhat recommended  ★★★ = Recommended, give it a shot.  ---  #Fasoracetam  To start, Fasoracetam has been essential in my taper. It upregulates GABA-B and many use it for their tolerance on their off-days. I found that while taking Fasoracetam, my lethargy eased by leaps and bounds. After a week, it really started to work its magic. I found myself more motivated than usual and some of the music enhancement had returned after taking phenibut daily for several months. My anxiety was also as low as it was when I first started taking phenibut.   *However,* I did find myself to get more irritable than usual. In Skype/Discord calls with a good friend of mine, random things he did would get on my nerves. I watched the Joe Budden podcast and Joe danced around the subject he was going to talk about and joked about this or that. This made me incredibly annoyed as I just wanted to hear him talk about the subject—which is not something that'd happen with no Fasoracetam.  **Rating: ★★★**  ---  #Klonopin  There is not much to say about this. Klonopin completely destroys Phenibut withdrawal. Its long half life ensures no withdrawal symptoms for several hours, and it was godsend. But I can't recommend Klonopin because it's a benzodiazepine. It would be trading one habit for another, due to the fact Phenibut withdrawal lasts 7 to 11 days—and the withdrawal could potentially be worse. I found taking Xanax to mitigate my Phenibut withdrawal led to me having a mini panic attack while walking home. Klonopin is no different.  **Rating: ★☆☆** (good for w/d, but too risky)  ---  #Gabapentin  Gabapentin is perhaps the best substance I've found to deal with Phenibut withdrawal. Taking Gabapentin when out of Phenibut and waiting for more has completely overshadowed Phenibut withdrawal. I mean no withdrawal whatsoever. Gabapentin *does* have its own high, however. It can be extremely moreish, so be careful not to use too much Gabapentin and run out when you are using it for your taper/cold turkey withdrawal.   Phenibut and Gabapentin also potentiate each other, so account for this when dosing. Unfortunately Gabapentin tolerance also builds extremely quickly, but if you don't dose very high at all, you will be fine.  I have not had any withdrawals from Gabapentin other than having trouble sleeping for a couple days. No mood or anxiety symptoms. Withdrawal symptoms *are* reported, though. So be careful.  **Rating: ★★★**  ---  #Kratom  Kratom is very, very good for mood when withdrawing from Phenibut. It's also good for anxiety, however, the half-life is fairly short, and only provides relief for a short amount of time. I found that Kratom wore off after maybe three to five hours. I would advise caution using Kratom as it *is* an opioid. It's very easy to get addicted to. I haven't gotten addicted to it myself, but I often see people tapering off of Phenibut and simultaneously having a Kratom addiction.  **Rating: ★★☆**   ---  #L-Theanine  L-Theanine is weak and somewhat effective for withdrawal. It helps mitigate mild anxiety, but not much more than that. It can help with mood and anxiety if taken every day, multiple times a day. It's fairly harmless, so no need to worry about withdrawal or anything like that. I find it improves my mood and helps my anxiety but to a very mild degree. Still, I'd say give it a shot.  **Rating: ★★☆**  ---  #Baclofen  I have not tried Baclofen, but if someone writes up their experience and gives it a rating, I will put it here.  **Rating: N/A**  --- #Ambien  Alright, this one was bad. Taking Ambien in withdrawal didn't stop panic attacks for me, it just stopped the physical feeling of them. I still got the mental feeling of something bad happening and having to do something to stop it. I still freaked the fuck out on it. It did help to mitigate anxiety, as in it was completely gone, but my mood was still terrible and I still had a panic attack. I used to love ambien and using it recreationally, but it is not good for Phenibut withdrawal. It is also addictive and has its own withdrawal. So be cautious.  **Rating: ★☆☆**
8xzuu9,1797,1809,ADR,panic attack,phenibut,phenibut,Substance Guide: Quitting Phenibut In this guide I'll be going over several substances I've used to mitigate phenibut withdrawal. I have not been in phenibut withdrawal for some time, but I hope this helps some of you out there. I'll be using a star rating system.  ★☆☆ = Not recommended/dangerous  ★★☆ = Use with caution OR somewhat recommended  ★★★ = Recommended, give it a shot.  ---  #Fasoracetam  To start, Fasoracetam has been essential in my taper. It upregulates GABA-B and many use it for their tolerance on their off-days. I found that while taking Fasoracetam, my lethargy eased by leaps and bounds. After a week, it really started to work its magic. I found myself more motivated than usual and some of the music enhancement had returned after taking phenibut daily for several months. My anxiety was also as low as it was when I first started taking phenibut.   *However,* I did find myself to get more irritable than usual. In Skype/Discord calls with a good friend of mine, random things he did would get on my nerves. I watched the Joe Budden podcast and Joe danced around the subject he was going to talk about and joked about this or that. This made me incredibly annoyed as I just wanted to hear him talk about the subject—which is not something that'd happen with no Fasoracetam.  **Rating: ★★★**  ---  #Klonopin  There is not much to say about this. Klonopin completely destroys Phenibut withdrawal. Its long half life ensures no withdrawal symptoms for several hours, and it was godsend. But I can't recommend Klonopin because it's a benzodiazepine. It would be trading one habit for another, due to the fact Phenibut withdrawal lasts 7 to 11 days—and the withdrawal could potentially be worse. I found taking Xanax to mitigate my Phenibut withdrawal led to me having a mini panic attack while walking home. Klonopin is no different.  **Rating: ★☆☆** (good for w/d, but too risky)  ---  #Gabapentin  Gabapentin is perhaps the best substance I've found to deal with Phenibut withdrawal. Taking Gabapentin when out of Phenibut and waiting for more has completely overshadowed Phenibut withdrawal. I mean no withdrawal whatsoever. Gabapentin *does* have its own high, however. It can be extremely moreish, so be careful not to use too much Gabapentin and run out when you are using it for your taper/cold turkey withdrawal.   Phenibut and Gabapentin also potentiate each other, so account for this when dosing. Unfortunately Gabapentin tolerance also builds extremely quickly, but if you don't dose very high at all, you will be fine.  I have not had any withdrawals from Gabapentin other than having trouble sleeping for a couple days. No mood or anxiety symptoms. Withdrawal symptoms *are* reported, though. So be careful.  **Rating: ★★★**  ---  #Kratom  Kratom is very, very good for mood when withdrawing from Phenibut. It's also good for anxiety, however, the half-life is fairly short, and only provides relief for a short amount of time. I found that Kratom wore off after maybe three to five hours. I would advise caution using Kratom as it *is* an opioid. It's very easy to get addicted to. I haven't gotten addicted to it myself, but I often see people tapering off of Phenibut and simultaneously having a Kratom addiction.  **Rating: ★★☆**   ---  #L-Theanine  L-Theanine is weak and somewhat effective for withdrawal. It helps mitigate mild anxiety, but not much more than that. It can help with mood and anxiety if taken every day, multiple times a day. It's fairly harmless, so no need to worry about withdrawal or anything like that. I find it improves my mood and helps my anxiety but to a very mild degree. Still, I'd say give it a shot.  **Rating: ★★☆**  ---  #Baclofen  I have not tried Baclofen, but if someone writes up their experience and gives it a rating, I will put it here.  **Rating: N/A**  --- #Ambien  Alright, this one was bad. Taking Ambien in withdrawal didn't stop panic attacks for me, it just stopped the physical feeling of them. I still got the mental feeling of something bad happening and having to do something to stop it. I still freaked the fuck out on it. It did help to mitigate anxiety, as in it was completely gone, but my mood was still terrible and I still had a panic attack. I used to love ambien and using it recreationally, but it is not good for Phenibut withdrawal. It is also addictive and has its own withdrawal. So be cautious.  **Rating: ★☆☆**
8xzuu9,3106,3114,ADR,addicted,kratom,kratom,Substance Guide: Quitting Phenibut In this guide I'll be going over several substances I've used to mitigate phenibut withdrawal. I have not been in phenibut withdrawal for some time, but I hope this helps some of you out there. I'll be using a star rating system.  ★☆☆ = Not recommended/dangerous  ★★☆ = Use with caution OR somewhat recommended  ★★★ = Recommended, give it a shot.  ---  #Fasoracetam  To start, Fasoracetam has been essential in my taper. It upregulates GABA-B and many use it for their tolerance on their off-days. I found that while taking Fasoracetam, my lethargy eased by leaps and bounds. After a week, it really started to work its magic. I found myself more motivated than usual and some of the music enhancement had returned after taking phenibut daily for several months. My anxiety was also as low as it was when I first started taking phenibut.   *However,* I did find myself to get more irritable than usual. In Skype/Discord calls with a good friend of mine, random things he did would get on my nerves. I watched the Joe Budden podcast and Joe danced around the subject he was going to talk about and joked about this or that. This made me incredibly annoyed as I just wanted to hear him talk about the subject—which is not something that'd happen with no Fasoracetam.  **Rating: ★★★**  ---  #Klonopin  There is not much to say about this. Klonopin completely destroys Phenibut withdrawal. Its long half life ensures no withdrawal symptoms for several hours, and it was godsend. But I can't recommend Klonopin because it's a benzodiazepine. It would be trading one habit for another, due to the fact Phenibut withdrawal lasts 7 to 11 days—and the withdrawal could potentially be worse. I found taking Xanax to mitigate my Phenibut withdrawal led to me having a mini panic attack while walking home. Klonopin is no different.  **Rating: ★☆☆** (good for w/d, but too risky)  ---  #Gabapentin  Gabapentin is perhaps the best substance I've found to deal with Phenibut withdrawal. Taking Gabapentin when out of Phenibut and waiting for more has completely overshadowed Phenibut withdrawal. I mean no withdrawal whatsoever. Gabapentin *does* have its own high, however. It can be extremely moreish, so be careful not to use too much Gabapentin and run out when you are using it for your taper/cold turkey withdrawal.   Phenibut and Gabapentin also potentiate each other, so account for this when dosing. Unfortunately Gabapentin tolerance also builds extremely quickly, but if you don't dose very high at all, you will be fine.  I have not had any withdrawals from Gabapentin other than having trouble sleeping for a couple days. No mood or anxiety symptoms. Withdrawal symptoms *are* reported, though. So be careful.  **Rating: ★★★**  ---  #Kratom  Kratom is very, very good for mood when withdrawing from Phenibut. It's also good for anxiety, however, the half-life is fairly short, and only provides relief for a short amount of time. I found that Kratom wore off after maybe three to five hours. I would advise caution using Kratom as it *is* an opioid. It's very easy to get addicted to. I haven't gotten addicted to it myself, but I often see people tapering off of Phenibut and simultaneously having a Kratom addiction.  **Rating: ★★☆**   ---  #L-Theanine  L-Theanine is weak and somewhat effective for withdrawal. It helps mitigate mild anxiety, but not much more than that. It can help with mood and anxiety if taken every day, multiple times a day. It's fairly harmless, so no need to worry about withdrawal or anything like that. I find it improves my mood and helps my anxiety but to a very mild degree. Still, I'd say give it a shot.  **Rating: ★★☆**  ---  #Baclofen  I have not tried Baclofen, but if someone writes up their experience and gives it a rating, I will put it here.  **Rating: N/A**  --- #Ambien  Alright, this one was bad. Taking Ambien in withdrawal didn't stop panic attacks for me, it just stopped the physical feeling of them. I still got the mental feeling of something bad happening and having to do something to stop it. I still freaked the fuck out on it. It did help to mitigate anxiety, as in it was completely gone, but my mood was still terrible and I still had a panic attack. I used to love ambien and using it recreationally, but it is not good for Phenibut withdrawal. It is also addictive and has its own withdrawal. So be cautious.  **Rating: ★☆☆**
8yyuup,557,571,ADR,hallucinations,duloxetine,duloxetine,Cymbalta Detoxing Hello, this is my first time documenting on reddit about my journey detoxing from my anxiety/ depression medication. I have been struggling with depression and anxiety for the past 8 years and have been on a variety of medications. The one I’ve been on recently (the past 3 years) has been Cymbalta(duloxetine). Cymbalta is a serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI). I started the process of detoxing with my doctor’s permission 6 months ago.. we went from 60 mg to 30mg. The first 2 weeks were rough ( brain zaps, throwing up, hallucinations, mood swings and exhaustion. I have not received approval for lower the dose for 30mg to 20mg. My doctor is nervous to drop my medication due to work and school. I feel like every time we have tried detoxing ( 3 different occasions) my doctor has an excuse as to why we shouldn’t detox. Each time I have gave in and ended up switching meds and my doctor wants to always up the dose. I’ve taken this apon myself to finish the detox process. I will be lower my dose over the next couple of months and will be incorporating natural remedies, relaxation methods, exercise and hopefully any other helpful advise you guys might have. Please give any advice you feel will be helpful during this process or any other comments you might have. I will be giving updates on my process. Thank you for reading.  
8yyuup,532,542,ADR,brain zaps,duloxetine,duloxetine,Cymbalta Detoxing Hello, this is my first time documenting on reddit about my journey detoxing from my anxiety/ depression medication. I have been struggling with depression and anxiety for the past 8 years and have been on a variety of medications. The one I’ve been on recently (the past 3 years) has been Cymbalta(duloxetine). Cymbalta is a serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI). I started the process of detoxing with my doctor’s permission 6 months ago.. we went from 60 mg to 30mg. The first 2 weeks were rough ( brain zaps, throwing up, hallucinations, mood swings and exhaustion. I have not received approval for lower the dose for 30mg to 20mg. My doctor is nervous to drop my medication due to work and school. I feel like every time we have tried detoxing ( 3 different occasions) my doctor has an excuse as to why we shouldn’t detox. Each time I have gave in and ended up switching meds and my doctor wants to always up the dose. I’ve taken this apon myself to finish the detox process. I will be lower my dose over the next couple of months and will be incorporating natural remedies, relaxation methods, exercise and hopefully any other helpful advise you guys might have. Please give any advice you feel will be helpful during this process or any other comments you might have. I will be giving updates on my process. Thank you for reading.  
8yyuup,573,584,ADR,mood swings,duloxetine,duloxetine,Cymbalta Detoxing Hello, this is my first time documenting on reddit about my journey detoxing from my anxiety/ depression medication. I have been struggling with depression and anxiety for the past 8 years and have been on a variety of medications. The one I’ve been on recently (the past 3 years) has been Cymbalta(duloxetine). Cymbalta is a serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI). I started the process of detoxing with my doctor’s permission 6 months ago.. we went from 60 mg to 30mg. The first 2 weeks were rough ( brain zaps, throwing up, hallucinations, mood swings and exhaustion. I have not received approval for lower the dose for 30mg to 20mg. My doctor is nervous to drop my medication due to work and school. I feel like every time we have tried detoxing ( 3 different occasions) my doctor has an excuse as to why we shouldn’t detox. Each time I have gave in and ended up switching meds and my doctor wants to always up the dose. I’ve taken this apon myself to finish the detox process. I will be lower my dose over the next couple of months and will be incorporating natural remedies, relaxation methods, exercise and hopefully any other helpful advise you guys might have. Please give any advice you feel will be helpful during this process or any other comments you might have. I will be giving updates on my process. Thank you for reading.  
8yyuup,589,599,ADR,exhaustion,duloxetine,duloxetine,Cymbalta Detoxing Hello, this is my first time documenting on reddit about my journey detoxing from my anxiety/ depression medication. I have been struggling with depression and anxiety for the past 8 years and have been on a variety of medications. The one I’ve been on recently (the past 3 years) has been Cymbalta(duloxetine). Cymbalta is a serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI). I started the process of detoxing with my doctor’s permission 6 months ago.. we went from 60 mg to 30mg. The first 2 weeks were rough ( brain zaps, throwing up, hallucinations, mood swings and exhaustion. I have not received approval for lower the dose for 30mg to 20mg. My doctor is nervous to drop my medication due to work and school. I feel like every time we have tried detoxing ( 3 different occasions) my doctor has an excuse as to why we shouldn’t detox. Each time I have gave in and ended up switching meds and my doctor wants to always up the dose. I’ve taken this apon myself to finish the detox process. I will be lower my dose over the next couple of months and will be incorporating natural remedies, relaxation methods, exercise and hopefully any other helpful advise you guys might have. Please give any advice you feel will be helpful during this process or any other comments you might have. I will be giving updates on my process. Thank you for reading.  
8y1f25,673,694,ADR,emotional instability,duloxetine,duloxetine,My Nmother went on medication for unrelated reasons. It seems to have reduced, but not changed, her worst N tendencies. I've lived with my Nmother on and off since she divorced my Nfather when I was 15 years old. Prior to going on the medication -- [Cymbalta](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duloxetine) \-- she was pretty awful: emotionally unstable, constant temper tantrums, threats of violence -- the works. She decided she wanted to go to therapy because of her anxiety. The nurse at the therapist's office prescribed Cymbalta, and she's taken it regularly since that time, even though she stopped going to therapy.  Ever since she began Cymbalta, I've noticed that her emotional instability and temper tantrums seem to be muted and reduced; she no longer blows up at the slightest provocation (real or imagined). Don't get me wrong -- she's still the same narcissist she was before: if anyone starts to talk about themselves, she'll just kind of "tune out" of the conversation with this glassy-eyed look on her face. She's still disconnected from reality. But she's managing to *pretend* that she's a better person, if that makes sense. For example, if we're in town on an errand, and she sees a homeless person, she'll make a big deal about feeling sorry for them and giving them some money in a way that obviously suggests her reasons for helping them are self-serving. It's pretty weird . . . but at least she's not screaming at them anymore.  Her temper tantrums have not gone away entirely: about once every six months, when she fucks up and can't avoid admitting that she fucked up, there will be an incredible fight as she blames others -- mostly me -- for her problems and hurls every sort of abusive name and hurtful phrase she can think of -- everything from "ungrateful" to "liar". But this is a marked change from having these sorts of episodes *literally every week*.  The point of my post is to indicate that, while medication will not change an N's essential narcissism, it can possibly mute their worst traits and make it more bearable to live with them. Perhaps that information might help some of you who are also still stuck with your Ns. Ultimately, however, I believe the best thing is to get out and reduce contact; I haven't spoken to my abusive Nfather in several years, and I don't miss him in the slightest. I'm working on reducing contact with my Nmother as well.  For me personally, therapy has been amazing; it has radically changed my life for the better. Here's some advice for getting the most out of therapy: try to have a concrete goal. My goal was, "I want to be a more productive writer." My therapist and I worked at it -- with her providing steps for me to take, and with me taking those steps -- until it happened. I'm far more productive than I used to be, and I'm well on my way toward supporting myself as a writer and moving out. (My therapist also readily acknowledged how abusive my family was to me, which was immensely validating.) If your therapist isn't helping you, find a new one. Yes, it can be discouraging; I've been there. But keep trying. It's worth the effort.  For all of you who are stuck living with Ns, [this quote has helped me a lot](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2_Mn-qRKjA), and I think about it every day. Take care of yourselves.
8y1f25,359,374,ADR,temper tantrums,duloxetine,duloxetine,My Nmother went on medication for unrelated reasons. It seems to have reduced, but not changed, her worst N tendencies. I've lived with my Nmother on and off since she divorced my Nfather when I was 15 years old. Prior to going on the medication -- [Cymbalta](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duloxetine) \-- she was pretty awful: emotionally unstable, constant temper tantrums, threats of violence -- the works. She decided she wanted to go to therapy because of her anxiety. The nurse at the therapist's office prescribed Cymbalta, and she's taken it regularly since that time, even though she stopped going to therapy.  Ever since she began Cymbalta, I've noticed that her emotional instability and temper tantrums seem to be muted and reduced; she no longer blows up at the slightest provocation (real or imagined). Don't get me wrong -- she's still the same narcissist she was before: if anyone starts to talk about themselves, she'll just kind of "tune out" of the conversation with this glassy-eyed look on her face. She's still disconnected from reality. But she's managing to *pretend* that she's a better person, if that makes sense. For example, if we're in town on an errand, and she sees a homeless person, she'll make a big deal about feeling sorry for them and giving them some money in a way that obviously suggests her reasons for helping them are self-serving. It's pretty weird . . . but at least she's not screaming at them anymore.  Her temper tantrums have not gone away entirely: about once every six months, when she fucks up and can't avoid admitting that she fucked up, there will be an incredible fight as she blames others -- mostly me -- for her problems and hurls every sort of abusive name and hurtful phrase she can think of -- everything from "ungrateful" to "liar". But this is a marked change from having these sorts of episodes *literally every week*.  The point of my post is to indicate that, while medication will not change an N's essential narcissism, it can possibly mute their worst traits and make it more bearable to live with them. Perhaps that information might help some of you who are also still stuck with your Ns. Ultimately, however, I believe the best thing is to get out and reduce contact; I haven't spoken to my abusive Nfather in several years, and I don't miss him in the slightest. I'm working on reducing contact with my Nmother as well.  For me personally, therapy has been amazing; it has radically changed my life for the better. Here's some advice for getting the most out of therapy: try to have a concrete goal. My goal was, "I want to be a more productive writer." My therapist and I worked at it -- with her providing steps for me to take, and with me taking those steps -- until it happened. I'm far more productive than I used to be, and I'm well on my way toward supporting myself as a writer and moving out. (My therapist also readily acknowledged how abusive my family was to me, which was immensely validating.) If your therapist isn't helping you, find a new one. Yes, it can be discouraging; I've been there. But keep trying. It's worth the effort.  For all of you who are stuck living with Ns, [this quote has helped me a lot](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2_Mn-qRKjA), and I think about it every day. Take care of yourselves.
8ztsp2,139,147,ADR,anxiety.,codeine,codeine,Can anyone relate to this? When I was 18 I was in a motorcycle accident and was prescribed codeine for pain and diazepam for the resulting anxiety. Things slowly have gotten worse and over the years I went from codeine to oxycodone. Now days I spend my life picking up my scripts , using it in a week. Then getting the worst depression and spending a couple weeks with night sweats, diarrhoea and all other horrible symptoms (During this time I'll try to get high on anything, like pregabalin and shit) . Life fucking sucks, I don't even enjoy oxy and benzos anymore. It's just a weeks holiday every month from my problems.   I'm in my twenties and this is what my adult life has been. I've stopped functioning at this point , don't work or see friends anymore. Now I know what the buzz is from opiates , feeling 'normal' absolutely sucks dick. I just can't seem to break the cycle, I always end up back at square one. The only time I feel happy and excited is when I'm picking up my next script. Last month was good, I spent my food money seeing a private doctor so I could have a double oxy script . 2 weeks going hungry is nothing new for me , I haven't eaten much in years.  I don't know how to stop, I don't want to stop . But I need to stop. I tried ending my life earlier this year because of withdrawals but was found and rushed to hospital.   I used to be a nice, outgoing , caring guy . This fucking addiction has made me a manipulative, selfish recluse.   Damn I miss what it was like when contentedness didn't come in pill form.  I want to hear your guys stories of how you ended up where you are?
8ztsp2,325,335,ADR,depression,codeine,codeine,Can anyone relate to this? When I was 18 I was in a motorcycle accident and was prescribed codeine for pain and diazepam for the resulting anxiety. Things slowly have gotten worse and over the years I went from codeine to oxycodone. Now days I spend my life picking up my scripts , using it in a week. Then getting the worst depression and spending a couple weeks with night sweats, diarrhoea and all other horrible symptoms (During this time I'll try to get high on anything, like pregabalin and shit) . Life fucking sucks, I don't even enjoy oxy and benzos anymore. It's just a weeks holiday every month from my problems.   I'm in my twenties and this is what my adult life has been. I've stopped functioning at this point , don't work or see friends anymore. Now I know what the buzz is from opiates , feeling 'normal' absolutely sucks dick. I just can't seem to break the cycle, I always end up back at square one. The only time I feel happy and excited is when I'm picking up my next script. Last month was good, I spent my food money seeing a private doctor so I could have a double oxy script . 2 weeks going hungry is nothing new for me , I haven't eaten much in years.  I don't know how to stop, I don't want to stop . But I need to stop. I tried ending my life earlier this year because of withdrawals but was found and rushed to hospital.   I used to be a nice, outgoing , caring guy . This fucking addiction has made me a manipulative, selfish recluse.   Damn I miss what it was like when contentedness didn't come in pill form.  I want to hear your guys stories of how you ended up where you are?
8ztsp2,383,392,ADR,diarrhoea,pregabalin,pregabalin,Can anyone relate to this? When I was 18 I was in a motorcycle accident and was prescribed codeine for pain and diazepam for the resulting anxiety. Things slowly have gotten worse and over the years I went from codeine to oxycodone. Now days I spend my life picking up my scripts , using it in a week. Then getting the worst depression and spending a couple weeks with night sweats, diarrhoea and all other horrible symptoms (During this time I'll try to get high on anything, like pregabalin and shit) . Life fucking sucks, I don't even enjoy oxy and benzos anymore. It's just a weeks holiday every month from my problems.   I'm in my twenties and this is what my adult life has been. I've stopped functioning at this point , don't work or see friends anymore. Now I know what the buzz is from opiates , feeling 'normal' absolutely sucks dick. I just can't seem to break the cycle, I always end up back at square one. The only time I feel happy and excited is when I'm picking up my next script. Last month was good, I spent my food money seeing a private doctor so I could have a double oxy script . 2 weeks going hungry is nothing new for me , I haven't eaten much in years.  I don't know how to stop, I don't want to stop . But I need to stop. I tried ending my life earlier this year because of withdrawals but was found and rushed to hospital.   I used to be a nice, outgoing , caring guy . This fucking addiction has made me a manipulative, selfish recluse.   Damn I miss what it was like when contentedness didn't come in pill form.  I want to hear your guys stories of how you ended up where you are?
8ztsp2,1300,1311,ADR,withdrawals,codeine,codeine,Can anyone relate to this? When I was 18 I was in a motorcycle accident and was prescribed codeine for pain and diazepam for the resulting anxiety. Things slowly have gotten worse and over the years I went from codeine to oxycodone. Now days I spend my life picking up my scripts , using it in a week. Then getting the worst depression and spending a couple weeks with night sweats, diarrhoea and all other horrible symptoms (During this time I'll try to get high on anything, like pregabalin and shit) . Life fucking sucks, I don't even enjoy oxy and benzos anymore. It's just a weeks holiday every month from my problems.   I'm in my twenties and this is what my adult life has been. I've stopped functioning at this point , don't work or see friends anymore. Now I know what the buzz is from opiates , feeling 'normal' absolutely sucks dick. I just can't seem to break the cycle, I always end up back at square one. The only time I feel happy and excited is when I'm picking up my next script. Last month was good, I spent my food money seeing a private doctor so I could have a double oxy script . 2 weeks going hungry is nothing new for me , I haven't eaten much in years.  I don't know how to stop, I don't want to stop . But I need to stop. I tried ending my life earlier this year because of withdrawals but was found and rushed to hospital.   I used to be a nice, outgoing , caring guy . This fucking addiction has made me a manipulative, selfish recluse.   Damn I miss what it was like when contentedness didn't come in pill form.  I want to hear your guys stories of how you ended up where you are?
8ztsp2,1410,1419,ADR,addiction,codeine,codeine,Can anyone relate to this? When I was 18 I was in a motorcycle accident and was prescribed codeine for pain and diazepam for the resulting anxiety. Things slowly have gotten worse and over the years I went from codeine to oxycodone. Now days I spend my life picking up my scripts , using it in a week. Then getting the worst depression and spending a couple weeks with night sweats, diarrhoea and all other horrible symptoms (During this time I'll try to get high on anything, like pregabalin and shit) . Life fucking sucks, I don't even enjoy oxy and benzos anymore. It's just a weeks holiday every month from my problems.   I'm in my twenties and this is what my adult life has been. I've stopped functioning at this point , don't work or see friends anymore. Now I know what the buzz is from opiates , feeling 'normal' absolutely sucks dick. I just can't seem to break the cycle, I always end up back at square one. The only time I feel happy and excited is when I'm picking up my next script. Last month was good, I spent my food money seeing a private doctor so I could have a double oxy script . 2 weeks going hungry is nothing new for me , I haven't eaten much in years.  I don't know how to stop, I don't want to stop . But I need to stop. I tried ending my life earlier this year because of withdrawals but was found and rushed to hospital.   I used to be a nice, outgoing , caring guy . This fucking addiction has made me a manipulative, selfish recluse.   Damn I miss what it was like when contentedness didn't come in pill form.  I want to hear your guys stories of how you ended up where you are?
8zc8mw,427,438,ADR,interaction,pregabalin,pregabalin,Lithium and Pregabalin (Lyrica) Hi, I was just wondering if anyone had any experience combining these two medications. I am currently taking 600mg of Lithium in order to treat my bipolar disorder, I've also been prescribed 300mg of Pregabalin(Lyrica) for a back injury I sustained.  Is there anything that I should be worried about, any adverse effect and if it is safe to combine these two medications because I looked up the interaction online and I was told there is a moderate interaction.
8z1ml0,165,173,ADR,addicted,alprazolam,alprazolam,Bromazepam (6-30 mg), lorazepam (1-2 mg), alprazolam (1-2 mg) on and off. seroquel 75 mg daily for 3 months. 21 DAYS CLEAN. Hey guys. Quick update   Used to be very addicted to alprazolam for about a year. Used to take up too 60-70 mg of Xanax a weekend mixing alcohol, pregabalin and phenazepam into the mix. I quit and stayed sober from January 1st 2016 - March 11th 2018 and relapsed. I’ve been using benzos on and off for about 3 months, also drinking a lot and taking seroquel for “potential benzo WD”. I decided to quit because even at small doses it still caused me to have a lot of pain while sober.  21 days off - benzos 10 days off seroquel    I’ve been drinking a little and taking 100 mg of trazadone and 2-5 mg of ambien. I completely understand that taking z - drugs is not great when having WD’s but I feel great and I stopped taking ambien for a couple of days and experienced 0 WD’s
8z1ml0,590,594,ADR,pain,alprazolam,alprazolam,Bromazepam (6-30 mg), lorazepam (1-2 mg), alprazolam (1-2 mg) on and off. seroquel 75 mg daily for 3 months. 21 DAYS CLEAN. Hey guys. Quick update   Used to be very addicted to alprazolam for about a year. Used to take up too 60-70 mg of Xanax a weekend mixing alcohol, pregabalin and phenazepam into the mix. I quit and stayed sober from January 1st 2016 - March 11th 2018 and relapsed. I’ve been using benzos on and off for about 3 months, also drinking a lot and taking seroquel for “potential benzo WD”. I decided to quit because even at small doses it still caused me to have a lot of pain while sober.  21 days off - benzos 10 days off seroquel    I’ve been drinking a little and taking 100 mg of trazadone and 2-5 mg of ambien. I completely understand that taking z - drugs is not great when having WD’s but I feel great and I stopped taking ambien for a couple of days and experienced 0 WD’s
8yt0xy,237,252,ADR,impulse control,pregabalin,pregabalin,Have you ever had your meds work differently when you stopped/started a med you were on for something else? Hi,  I’m on dexamphetamine IR. It was working well for me until recently but the last few months I’m struggling with things like impulse control. Shopping and eating specifically. I was on pregabalin for pain too, but I’ve cut down to 1/4 of the dose I was taking before. Given that it’s psychoactive, is it possible things are out of whack now and dex suits me less well if it’s not in combination with pregabalin? I might go back to concerta.
8xu91a,1119,1136,ADR,mentally unstable,pregabalin,pregabalin,I feel like a crackhead again. From about the third week of October till New Years last year I was using MDMA, dexamphetamine and codeine regularly. I was doing MDMA sometimes 4 times a week, going on 4 day long MDMA and speed binges where I wouldn’t sleep for over 100 hours at a time, then taking codeine for 3 or 4 days to help with the comedown, and then restarting the process. I was addicted to all 3 drugs. I looked and felt like a crackhead. I isolated myself completely and shut myself off from everyone, only going out to get mandy or get lucozade for the comedown. I’m really doing any of those drugs now. I’ve never been able to stop completely, but I’m barely using MD (got on it only 3 times in the past 2 months), haven’t done speed in 2 months, and have just decided to come off codeine, although a few days ago I was taking around 40 30mg pills a day. Even though I’m fairly sober now (I take pregabalin or smoke occasionally) I’ve just started to feel like a crackhead again. I have no idea why because I’ve barely been taking amphetamines, but I just feel like I’m back in that socially isolated and mentally unstable place. I find myself pacing the room talking to myself constantly, withdrawing myself from friends. I feel helpless again. I don’t know what to do or if there really is anything to do, I thought I’d just binge till I went mental then get better and things would go back to normal, but it just doesn’t work like that. I just feel like nobody knows. I’ve been through some shit and a bit of it kicked off publicly and I get people coming up to me saying ‘You’ve been through a lot, I’ve got a lot of respect for you’ but if they knew the shit I went through in those 3 months they couldn’t talk about it - they wouldn’t want to. They just don’t know. I just wanted to get a bit of something off my chest I guess.
8xu91a,227,232,ADR,binge,pregabalin,pregabalin,I feel like a crackhead again. From about the third week of October till New Years last year I was using MDMA, dexamphetamine and codeine regularly. I was doing MDMA sometimes 4 times a week, going on 4 day long MDMA and speed binges where I wouldn’t sleep for over 100 hours at a time, then taking codeine for 3 or 4 days to help with the comedown, and then restarting the process. I was addicted to all 3 drugs. I looked and felt like a crackhead. I isolated myself completely and shut myself off from everyone, only going out to get mandy or get lucozade for the comedown. I’m really doing any of those drugs now. I’ve never been able to stop completely, but I’m barely using MD (got on it only 3 times in the past 2 months), haven’t done speed in 2 months, and have just decided to come off codeine, although a few days ago I was taking around 40 30mg pills a day. Even though I’m fairly sober now (I take pregabalin or smoke occasionally) I’ve just started to feel like a crackhead again. I have no idea why because I’ve barely been taking amphetamines, but I just feel like I’m back in that socially isolated and mentally unstable place. I find myself pacing the room talking to myself constantly, withdrawing myself from friends. I feel helpless again. I don’t know what to do or if there really is anything to do, I thought I’d just binge till I went mental then get better and things would go back to normal, but it just doesn’t work like that. I just feel like nobody knows. I’ve been through some shit and a bit of it kicked off publicly and I get people coming up to me saying ‘You’ve been through a lot, I’ve got a lot of respect for you’ but if they knew the shit I went through in those 3 months they couldn’t talk about it - they wouldn’t want to. They just don’t know. I just wanted to get a bit of something off my chest I guess.
8zvtxy,175,182,ADR,anxiety,paroxetine,paroxetine,Antihistamines for Anxiety? Female. Age 23, 44kg and 165cm. From South Africa. Lo Light smoker (less than 10 per day). Caucasian. Diagnosed by a psychiatrist with generalised anxiety disorder, recurrent major depressive disorder/depressive mood disorder and OCD. Diagnosed 1.5 years ago, but suffered with anxiety for around 7 years.   Currently taking Lexapro 10mg (just started 3 weeks ago, titrated up from 5mg 2 days ago) after being on Brintellix for 2 weeks (horrible anxiety, but brilliant for my depression and general cognition).  Prescribed 0.5mg Xanax twice daily. 25mg Seroquel for sleep (it doesn't work, even when I experimented titrating the dose up) . Methylphenidate 10mg 3x daily. Librax once daily. L-Glutamine powder once daily. Cortisol (discontinued due to increased anxiety). Calciferol twice weekly. Semi-consistent use of either Hyoscine or Loperamide, and Bevispas on occasion, for ibs-a. Fish oil omega 3, 6 and 9. Turmeric and maca root (when I remember). Marijuana tea twice with tiny reduction in anxiety but horrible experience of being out of control.   So my medical history with regards to my depression and anxiety disorders is a long and sordid tale. I have been hospitalised five times since December, either for extreme, unmanageable panic, or for suicidal ideation.   I feel my depression is decently under control with escitalopram (around 60% better, so functional) after trying Zoloft, Venlor, Cymbalta, Paroxetine, Wellbutrin (lasted two days) and Brintellix over the last 1.5 years.   However, my anxiety has reached a fever pitch. I have almost gone through a month's supply of Xanax in less than two weeks. My tolerance to Valium is non-existent. Clonazepam has similar short-term relief like Xanax, but at very high doses. I finished a month's supply of Librax (diagnosed IBS - 3.5 years ago) in a week due to both its benzo effects as well as to treat my extreme stomach pain due to the anxiety  Beta-blockers might as well be sugar pills. I am dependent on benzos and I know it.  So I turned to the internet for an alternative. I don't want to exacerbate my anxiety by having anxiety about not having my Xanax with me.  Currently, I have Allergex (Chlorpheniramine) 4mg tablets. I took 4 over the course of yesterday with half doses of Xanax to supplement with marginal success (I'm in an Ibs episode currently  which often leads me bedridden) but lethargy and listlessness. I also have Sinuend, which contains low dose ephedrine as well as Chlorpheniramine, but I've used it for years for nasal congestion and never felt anything other than my nose clearing up.   I also have Orphenadrine pills, which I read can vaguely act as an anxiolytic , but haven't tried due to lack of knowledge about dosages, especially considering it's in combination with paracetamol.   I have had Atarax IV in hospital, but slept for two days each time and am afraid to ask my PCP for a prescription in case the dose is either too low when taken orally,  or I am too heavily sedated (which is why I haven't bought Phenergan despite the Internet praising it, as I remember my mother giving me one as a child to sleep and I woke up with the worst drug hangover).   I do have a high sedation tolerance, partly due to the methylphenidate. However, the methylphenidate also contributes somewhat to my anxiety, even at half doses. But I'm prescribed it off-label for my depression, and it's the only drug that has definitively worked every day.   So my question is really, is the antihistamine route a good alternative? I am particularly adamant about them due to my insurance coverage being exhausted after all of the drugs I've tried, and they're a cheap alternative. Right now, I need cheap.   (Other meds I've been on: 1. Sulpiride 100mg twice daily. It did nothing as a tranquilliser at all for me and gave me worse dry mouth than any of the above.  2. Fluanxol, another anti-psychotic my psychiatrist pushed as an anti-anxiety remedy. It didn't even make me drowsy 3. Urbanol 10mg x3 daily. Tolerance built over 6 months and even now I have paradoxical anxiety when taking it.  4. Concerta/Neucon 36mg. I did notice my anxiety was marginally less severe whilst on the extended release, but the SR pills are 3 times cheaper in my country. 5. Valerian root/passionflower. Did nothing.)  I honestly just want some relief. I can't see my psychiatrist until I've saved up some money (which will be a while, given my monthly medication expenses currently), so my PCP does what she can. I know 3 weeks on a new AD might still present with the initial side effects, but I can't go on like this. Am I making the right choice? Buspar, Gabapentin, Lyrica, etc. are astronomically expensive in my country, so I'm too afraid to take the risk with that much money and they do nothing.  I really need advice and guidance. This anxiety is ruining my life and my health - I've never had an Ibs episode last as long as this. I can't breathe under the weight of this and I'm losing faith in medicine - a miracle that I've always advocated for until now.
8zvtxy,1911,1923,ADR,stomach pain,paroxetine,paroxetine,Antihistamines for Anxiety? Female. Age 23, 44kg and 165cm. From South Africa. Lo Light smoker (less than 10 per day). Caucasian. Diagnosed by a psychiatrist with generalised anxiety disorder, recurrent major depressive disorder/depressive mood disorder and OCD. Diagnosed 1.5 years ago, but suffered with anxiety for around 7 years.   Currently taking Lexapro 10mg (just started 3 weeks ago, titrated up from 5mg 2 days ago) after being on Brintellix for 2 weeks (horrible anxiety, but brilliant for my depression and general cognition).  Prescribed 0.5mg Xanax twice daily. 25mg Seroquel for sleep (it doesn't work, even when I experimented titrating the dose up) . Methylphenidate 10mg 3x daily. Librax once daily. L-Glutamine powder once daily. Cortisol (discontinued due to increased anxiety). Calciferol twice weekly. Semi-consistent use of either Hyoscine or Loperamide, and Bevispas on occasion, for ibs-a. Fish oil omega 3, 6 and 9. Turmeric and maca root (when I remember). Marijuana tea twice with tiny reduction in anxiety but horrible experience of being out of control.   So my medical history with regards to my depression and anxiety disorders is a long and sordid tale. I have been hospitalised five times since December, either for extreme, unmanageable panic, or for suicidal ideation.   I feel my depression is decently under control with escitalopram (around 60% better, so functional) after trying Zoloft, Venlor, Cymbalta, Paroxetine, Wellbutrin (lasted two days) and Brintellix over the last 1.5 years.   However, my anxiety has reached a fever pitch. I have almost gone through a month's supply of Xanax in less than two weeks. My tolerance to Valium is non-existent. Clonazepam has similar short-term relief like Xanax, but at very high doses. I finished a month's supply of Librax (diagnosed IBS - 3.5 years ago) in a week due to both its benzo effects as well as to treat my extreme stomach pain due to the anxiety  Beta-blockers might as well be sugar pills. I am dependent on benzos and I know it.  So I turned to the internet for an alternative. I don't want to exacerbate my anxiety by having anxiety about not having my Xanax with me.  Currently, I have Allergex (Chlorpheniramine) 4mg tablets. I took 4 over the course of yesterday with half doses of Xanax to supplement with marginal success (I'm in an Ibs episode currently  which often leads me bedridden) but lethargy and listlessness. I also have Sinuend, which contains low dose ephedrine as well as Chlorpheniramine, but I've used it for years for nasal congestion and never felt anything other than my nose clearing up.   I also have Orphenadrine pills, which I read can vaguely act as an anxiolytic , but haven't tried due to lack of knowledge about dosages, especially considering it's in combination with paracetamol.   I have had Atarax IV in hospital, but slept for two days each time and am afraid to ask my PCP for a prescription in case the dose is either too low when taken orally,  or I am too heavily sedated (which is why I haven't bought Phenergan despite the Internet praising it, as I remember my mother giving me one as a child to sleep and I woke up with the worst drug hangover).   I do have a high sedation tolerance, partly due to the methylphenidate. However, the methylphenidate also contributes somewhat to my anxiety, even at half doses. But I'm prescribed it off-label for my depression, and it's the only drug that has definitively worked every day.   So my question is really, is the antihistamine route a good alternative? I am particularly adamant about them due to my insurance coverage being exhausted after all of the drugs I've tried, and they're a cheap alternative. Right now, I need cheap.   (Other meds I've been on: 1. Sulpiride 100mg twice daily. It did nothing as a tranquilliser at all for me and gave me worse dry mouth than any of the above.  2. Fluanxol, another anti-psychotic my psychiatrist pushed as an anti-anxiety remedy. It didn't even make me drowsy 3. Urbanol 10mg x3 daily. Tolerance built over 6 months and even now I have paradoxical anxiety when taking it.  4. Concerta/Neucon 36mg. I did notice my anxiety was marginally less severe whilst on the extended release, but the SR pills are 3 times cheaper in my country. 5. Valerian root/passionflower. Did nothing.)  I honestly just want some relief. I can't see my psychiatrist until I've saved up some money (which will be a while, given my monthly medication expenses currently), so my PCP does what she can. I know 3 weeks on a new AD might still present with the initial side effects, but I can't go on like this. Am I making the right choice? Buspar, Gabapentin, Lyrica, etc. are astronomically expensive in my country, so I'm too afraid to take the risk with that much money and they do nothing.  I really need advice and guidance. This anxiety is ruining my life and my health - I've never had an Ibs episode last as long as this. I can't breathe under the weight of this and I'm losing faith in medicine - a miracle that I've always advocated for until now.
8ytjvm,7750,7759,ADR,dependant,Escitalopram,Escitalopram,A Brief Guide To Overcoming Social Anxiety Disorder Hey r/socialanxiety,  I've decided to write a brief guide on overcoming social anxiety disorder, and instead of posting it on some blog nobody will read, I think here is a good place for it., among a community of people who can relate to this disorder and want help in getting better. Without going into my own story too much, suffice to say social anxiety severely impacted my life for years. I skipped presentation modules in college, I didn't join clubs at college, and I shaped my entire career around working from home so I could avoid people.   I've only recently properly treated this debilitating condition (I'm 27), and I wanted to share what works in the hope of helping some of you out, particularly those of you who really feel the effects of social anxiety.  # Social Anxiety vs Social Anxiety Disorder  It's very important to firstly distinguish between social anxiety and social anxiety disorder. Social anxiety is something that practically everyone feels to some extent in social situations, particularly pressurized situations or intimidating/new social situations. There is no point in trying to never ever feel social anxiety because that is completely impractical: even the most extroverted people feel it from time to time.    Social anxiety disorder is an entirely more severe manifestation of anxiety wherein social anxiety causes significant negative effects on peoples' lives due to the beliefs and thought patterns we develop because of our anxieties. I read somewhere that social anxiety disorder is an "illness of lost opportunities" which sums it up perfectly. To check the severity of your anxiety, I'd recommend the [Liebowitz social anxiety scale](http://nationalsocialanxietycenter.com/liebowitz-sa-scale/).   # Exercise  There is no excuse whatsoever not to exercise. I am a lazy prick and I avoided regular exercise for years. However, I read a book called Spark The Revolutionary New Science of Exercise and the Brain written by a psychiatrist named John Ratey and it completely changed my mind. It's a really interesting read, and the author goes into scientific detail on why exercise is so good at treating anxiety disorders.   I always advocate doing exercise you enjoy but anything at all is better than nothing. Some people with social anxiety find it hard to leave their homes, so in that situation I'd start with bodyweight squats, pushups, or perhaps an exercise bike if you have room. If you are comfortable going outside, go for a run or cycle for 20-30 mins every day. Believe me when I say exercise makes the biggest difference to this condition.   For any of you who are interested in the reasoning and science behind exercise as an excellent anxiety treatment, here's a link to that Spark book. I'd really recommend it. [https://amzn.to/2uxcSTv](https://amzn.to/2uxcSTv)  # The Social Anxiety Cycle  Everyone who suffers from social anxiety disorder is stuck in a cycle that can be hard to get out of. However, once you know about the cycle you can address different aspects of it.  1. People with social anxiety tend to have high perceived social standards (my voice should never crack when I speak, I shouldn't blush, etc.) and beliefs, and assumptions (if people want to talk to me they'll let me know).  2. The above leads to apprehension when faced with the prospect of social situation. How could you not feel nervous when your social standards are so high? 3. The apprehension feeds into heightened self-focused attention during situations. You find it really hard to relax and be present when speaking to people. You notice every little mistake you make, every time your face goes a little red, every slightly awkward pause in a conversation.  4. You then associate social situations and your social skills with a negative self-perception, and you see social situations as carrying an estimated high probability of turning out shitty.  5. Because of the above, you start to use safety behaviors, such as looking at your phone or making sure you're never the center of attention, and avoidance behaviors, like not turning up for social events, skipping presentations, etc.  6. The very fact you're avoiding social situations or using safety behaviors during them reinforces the idea that social situations are something to be feared. You then return to step two with each new and intimidating social situation, strengthening the anxiety.  # Beliefs  Beliefs are really at the core of social anxiety, and they are what influence your high perceived social standards and assumptions. Addressing your beliefs can be quite painful but also extremely helpful.   Some beliefs I found out I had:   * I'm to unattractive to talk to.  * I'm too shy to speak to strangers. * Other people always judge me and know when I'm nervous.  * The onus is on me to keep conversations going.  * I don't have the ability to deal with being the center of attention.  * I am unable to make small talk.   Beliefs seem incontrovertibly true, and unfortunately, the only way to challenge them is to actually test them. This means taking action and recording the outcomes of these mini-experiments in an unbiased way to get an accurate assessment of how true your beliefs are.   To challenge my belief about small talk, I decided to go to Starbucks and ask the barista about recommended items from the menu, before moving onto small talk like the weather. I felt awkward but still, the key result was not that I'm unable to make small talk with strangers, and it wasn't actually anywhere near as uncomfortable as I'd assumed.      # Confidence  One of the main barriers to taking action on overcoming social anxiety is the idea that us social anxiety suffers are inherently lacking in confidence in all aspects of life. However, it's important to remember that confidence isn't something you either have or don't have; it actually depends on what you're doing. For example, I'm really confident in my ability to cook a decent meal. Never undervalue the significance of things you're confident about.   # CBT  Therapy can be great for social anxiety, and the majority of therapists nowadays use a CBT approach for this disorder. What I like about CBT is mostly that it helps you question the thoughts that come into your mind automatically and re-frame them in a more rational way.    # Books  Overcoming social anxiety is more about taking action than intellectualizing everything. In fact, I did this for years by reading tons of books and I came to realize that reading books was another form of avoiding social interactions.   Saying that, I recommend two exceptional books, the first of which clarifies everything you need to know about how social anxiety works and why you're trapped in it.   [Overcoming Social Anxiety and Shyness](https://amzn.to/2ulClA8) by Gillian Butler.  An absolute essential read for any social anxiety sufferer.   [The Happiness Trap](https://amzn.to/2umVodq) by Russ Harris. Depression often accompanies social anxiety, and this excellent book helped me re-define my understanding of happiness and how to live in alignment with my values.   # Medication  For many people, addressing social anxiety seems an almost impossible task, and this is where medication can be of great assistance. Anti-depressants are commonly prescribed, however,they don't work for everyone. I'd recommend trying a maximum of 3 SSRIs for a period of 6 weeks each and if nothing works by then, it's time for a different med. Lexapro, Sertraline (Zoloft), and Paroxetine (Paxil) are all well-researched and agreed treatments for social anxiety disorder.   Benzodiazepines are also an option, and they can provide excellent relief. The problem is you can become dependant on them quite easily so I really only recommend them for moment of sheer panic. Clonazepam is a good option.   # Conclusion  I hope some of this post has been helpful to even one person: if it has then I'll consider the time writing this as time well spent. Overcoming social anxiety disorder is very possible, it just takes a concerted effort on your behalf to do it, which I know any of you can if a lazy fucker like me can! Good luck!
8xz24g,555,574,ADR,suicidal depression,paroxetine,paroxetine,Dealing with anxiety Hi all.   I've been dealing with anxiety for the past decade or so and it's become really bad the last couple years.   I pretty much sit inside all day, every day and it's slowly killing me.   I'm so tired of having my life be controlled by fear, I can't even go see my doctor or go to work.  Lately, I've been thinking of getting some beta blockers to help with the physical symptoms. I'm not really a big fan of benzodiazepines, so I'd rather stay away from those.   I've had SSRI's (paroxetine), but I think they plunged me into a suicidal depression, and I quit them before starting HRT. I had a lot of things going on, so it's hard to tell.  But I've also read that bioidentical progesterone can help with anxiety. Sadly, it's pretty hard to get a hold of around here though.  Anyone happen to have any experience with this? Or any advice maybe?   I'd just really like to be able to go for a walk or a drive. Sitting inside is making me really depressed and I feel like I'm starting to lose it.
8zjp1g,1014,1022,ADR,allergic,bactrim,bactrim,FOURTH time asking this question.! Need legitimate medical advice on it. Any and everyone's opinions help though. Testicular pain/mild atrophy over years. Low sperm count. This could be a long post, but i'll try to keep it direct and relevant.  Approximately 4-5 years ago (3-4.. i don't know the exacts for any of this shit) i started to have testicle pain and slight shrinkage. My testicles would kinda ache and felt for a lack of a better term "hard" (side note, not cancer, screened and ultrasounds multiple multiple times) .  The issue actually started in one testicle only, i believe my left. It started to get slightly smaller and the shape of it changed a bit. It went from an oval like a testicle should be to a bit shorter and a bit fatter (almost like inflammed but wasn't really warm)  I went to the urologist and he diagnosed me with orchitis in one testicle and prescribed cipro (years ago) i stupidly stopped after a few days after reading up on side effects. Then went on to try bactrim but had an allergic reaction. Eventually got back on the cipro and took a full dose. (could this have caused the bacteria to be resistant? apparantly when i asked the doctor about this he appeared confused when i did and so i haven't fully understood this concept. i was under the assumption that if cipro was the appropriate antibiotic for the bacteria i had, and it didn't kill them all. i dont know.)  It helped. Then i started having pain in the OTHER testicle. It started shrinking. This was shown in my ultrasounds. The size went from the usual 4cm to 3cm. The doctor said fluctations through the day are normal. Yea, right. lmao... He said itcould've been the ultrasound tech.  Through the years, i've had ultrasounds done, all with different techs, showing slight decreases in size, and increases in height and girth (inflammed and fat, shrinking length. makes sense.)  Urine sample and culture clean. Sperm count showed 35mill. At 21-22 years old when those tests were done. My friends were over 100. He did the thing with a tube in my penis to check for "defects" throughout my urinary tract and a prostate sample. All normal i believe he said. I was also later treated with 2.5 weeks of levaquin. Infectious disease doctor was stumped too, but because this issue is so specialized i doubt he'd know a whole lot. Multiple rounds of doxy as well and roceph and azithro. I know someone will say "you covered all bacteria" but did i? Did i cover anaerobic and aerobic? Sperm culture for aerobic and anaerobic showed no infection. Sperm count also showed mild leukocytes. I should have no leukocytes. That's weird.  My spontaneous erections decreased rapidly, i never get them anymore. I'm only 25. No way is it "getting older" that's a complete joke and to dismiss a claim out of pure laziness.  What's the deal? Oh also, ultrasound showed two very minor varicocoles but according to the docs they couldn't even palpate and said that statistically tiny ones shouldn't cause any issues or issues like this. Two very mild hydroceles. Hydroceles are reactionary according to my research. I never had any of this shit before except a mild benign epididymal cyst. No way that shit just all popped up for no reason at all. What gives?
8z7vxm,303,311,ADR,toxicity,Cipro,Cipro,[Letter] Hi Jordan,  I noticed this quote from your daughter's blog:  *I’ve probably taken antibiotics 2-3 times a year since I was 2. That’s almost 40 rounds of antibiotics.*  By chance, were any of those antibiotics fluoroquinolones (e.g. Cipro, Levaquin, Avelox)? If so, a google of "fluoroquinolone toxicity" may shed new light on her health ailments.  It may be unrelated, however after hearing you speak about her multiple join deteriorations and vast sensitivity to foods, those symptoms also align to quinolone exposure in some individuals (in addition to cognitive, psychiatric, and peripheral nervous issues as well).
8z7vxm,420,448,ADR,multiple join deteriorations,Cipro,Cipro,[Letter] Hi Jordan,  I noticed this quote from your daughter's blog:  *I’ve probably taken antibiotics 2-3 times a year since I was 2. That’s almost 40 rounds of antibiotics.*  By chance, were any of those antibiotics fluoroquinolones (e.g. Cipro, Levaquin, Avelox)? If so, a google of "fluoroquinolone toxicity" may shed new light on her health ailments.  It may be unrelated, however after hearing you speak about her multiple join deteriorations and vast sensitivity to foods, those symptoms also align to quinolone exposure in some individuals (in addition to cognitive, psychiatric, and peripheral nervous issues as well).
8yu0e0,948,956,ADR,allergic,bactrim,bactrim,I've had chronic testicular pain and mild progressive testicular atrophy over the past 3-4 years. causes? This could be a long post, but i'll try to keep it direct and relevant.  Approximately 4-5 years ago (3-4.. i don't know the exacts for any of this shit) i started to have testicle pain and slight shrinkage. My testicles would kinda ache and felt for a lack of a better term "hard" (side note, not cancer, screened and ultrasounds multiple multiple times) .  The issue actually started in one testicle only, i believe my left. It started to get slightly smaller and the shape of it changed a bit. It went from an oval like a testicle should be to a bit shorter and a bit fatter (almost like inflammed but wasn't really warm)  I went to the urologist and he diagnosed me with orchitis in one testicle and prescribed cipro (years ago) i stupidly stopped after a few days after reading up on side effects. Then went on to try bactrim but had an allergic reaction. Eventually got back on the cipro and took a full dose. (could this have caused the bacteria to be resistant? apparantly when i asked the doctor about this he appeared confused when i did and so i haven't fully understood this concept. i was under the assumption that if cipro was the appropriate antibiotic for the bacteria i had, and it didn't kill them all. i dont know.)  It helped. Then i started having pain in the OTHER testicle. It started shrinking. This was shown in my ultrasounds. The size went from the usual 4cm to 3cm. The doctor said fluctations through the day are normal. Yea, right. lmao... He said itcould've been the ultrasound tech.  Through the years, i've had ultrasounds done, all with different techs, showing slight decreases in size, and increases in height and girth (inflammed and fat, shrinking length. makes sense.)  Urine sample and culture clean. Sperm count showed 35mill. At 21-22 years old when those tests were done. My friends were over 100. He did the thing with a tube in my penis to check for "defects" throughout my urinary tract and a prostate sample. All normal i believe he said. I was also later treated with 2.5 weeks of levaquin. Infectious disease doctor was stumped too, but because this issue is so specialized i doubt he'd know a whole lot. Multiple rounds of doxy as well and roceph and azithro. I know someone will say "you covered all bacteria" but did i? Did i cover anaerobic and aerobic? Sperm culture for aerobic and anaerobic showed no infection. Sperm count also showed mild leukocytes. I should have no leukocytes. That's weird.  My spontaneous erections decreased rapidly, i never get them anymore. I'm only 25. No way is it "getting older" that's a complete joke and to dismiss a claim out of pure laziness.  What's the deal? Oh also, ultrasound showed two very minor varicocoles but according to the docs they couldn't even palpate and said that statistically tiny ones shouldn't cause any issues or issues like this. Two very mild hydroceles. Hydroceles are reactionary according to my research. I never had any of this shit before except a mild benign epididymal cyst. No way that shit just all popped up for no reason at all. What gives?
8yu0e0,1065,1074,ADR,resistant,cipro,cipro,I've had chronic testicular pain and mild progressive testicular atrophy over the past 3-4 years. causes? This could be a long post, but i'll try to keep it direct and relevant.  Approximately 4-5 years ago (3-4.. i don't know the exacts for any of this shit) i started to have testicle pain and slight shrinkage. My testicles would kinda ache and felt for a lack of a better term "hard" (side note, not cancer, screened and ultrasounds multiple multiple times) .  The issue actually started in one testicle only, i believe my left. It started to get slightly smaller and the shape of it changed a bit. It went from an oval like a testicle should be to a bit shorter and a bit fatter (almost like inflammed but wasn't really warm)  I went to the urologist and he diagnosed me with orchitis in one testicle and prescribed cipro (years ago) i stupidly stopped after a few days after reading up on side effects. Then went on to try bactrim but had an allergic reaction. Eventually got back on the cipro and took a full dose. (could this have caused the bacteria to be resistant? apparantly when i asked the doctor about this he appeared confused when i did and so i haven't fully understood this concept. i was under the assumption that if cipro was the appropriate antibiotic for the bacteria i had, and it didn't kill them all. i dont know.)  It helped. Then i started having pain in the OTHER testicle. It started shrinking. This was shown in my ultrasounds. The size went from the usual 4cm to 3cm. The doctor said fluctations through the day are normal. Yea, right. lmao... He said itcould've been the ultrasound tech.  Through the years, i've had ultrasounds done, all with different techs, showing slight decreases in size, and increases in height and girth (inflammed and fat, shrinking length. makes sense.)  Urine sample and culture clean. Sperm count showed 35mill. At 21-22 years old when those tests were done. My friends were over 100. He did the thing with a tube in my penis to check for "defects" throughout my urinary tract and a prostate sample. All normal i believe he said. I was also later treated with 2.5 weeks of levaquin. Infectious disease doctor was stumped too, but because this issue is so specialized i doubt he'd know a whole lot. Multiple rounds of doxy as well and roceph and azithro. I know someone will say "you covered all bacteria" but did i? Did i cover anaerobic and aerobic? Sperm culture for aerobic and anaerobic showed no infection. Sperm count also showed mild leukocytes. I should have no leukocytes. That's weird.  My spontaneous erections decreased rapidly, i never get them anymore. I'm only 25. No way is it "getting older" that's a complete joke and to dismiss a claim out of pure laziness.  What's the deal? Oh also, ultrasound showed two very minor varicocoles but according to the docs they couldn't even palpate and said that statistically tiny ones shouldn't cause any issues or issues like this. Two very mild hydroceles. Hydroceles are reactionary according to my research. I never had any of this shit before except a mild benign epididymal cyst. No way that shit just all popped up for no reason at all. What gives?
8zr333,24,32,ADR,insomnia,vimpat,vimpat,how to deal with severe insomnia from vimpat? im sleeping 3 hrs a day now. unwilling to take quetiapine or major tranquilizers. any ideas?
8zqbfy,536,545,ADR,Feel sick,quetiapine,quetiapine,I need information about bipolar disorder and antidepressants from people who have had experience with both Hi I've been suffering from bipolar disorder for many years but instead of medicating for it, I have been self-managing it by isolating myself.  I've recently had a lot of problems in my life and I'm finding myself very weepy all the time and just generally down in the dumps with negative thinking.  I was once on all the medications for bipolar like anticonvulsant epilim,  quetiapine and pro zac,  but all it did was Make Me Feel sick all the time and unable to do anything it didn't make me happier or more productive. So I stopped and eventually came right.... but now I'm thinking about asking only for an antidepressant so I don't cry all the time. If anybody with type 2 BPD has experience with this please let me know what you did to get back to normal. Thanks
8ze0ql,11,21,ADR,drowsiness,quetiapine,quetiapine,Medication drowsiness Does anyone have any ideas on how to combat drowsiness that comes from a side effect from medication?  \-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  I've been taking 25mg Quetiapine a few hours before bed for the last 7 days. My mood has not improved, if anything it has been worse and I've not been able to get to sleep until early morning hours despite being exhausted.  When I wake up the drowsiness is so bad I can hardly stay awake at my desk at work - Even on nights where I manage to get 7 hours sleep+.  I have discussed with my doctor and they want me to continue the medication for 3 more weeks (at least) with a 25mg increase in a weeks time.  Does anyone have any ideas on how to combat this drowsiness? I have to keep taking the medication but I can't do my work efficiently or properly when I am this tired...
8zbg4f,1160,1168,ADR,euphoric,quetiapine,quetiapine,Struggling to want to let go of my first hypomanic episode History of depressive episodes, I’ve been having a mixed episode for about a month, the ‘manic’ parts were restlessness and racing thoughts etc but with low mood. We put my antidepressants up and since then I’ve pushed over from what I felt was a depressive state with some mixed elements to a hypo/manic state with some depressive element. Even when restless and high energy I always felt freaking awful. For the first time in the last week I’ve been feeling fricking wonderful, I’m dancing everywhere, so much energy, confidence, creativity, motivation, i feel like everything is a perfect sparkly version of itself that reality is too wonderful to comprehend like I can zoom my focus in on things and see angles etc I have never been confident in my life and I have the home treatment (it’s a program set up as an alternative to hospital admission in my county)and they have prescribed Quetiapine and are pushing more and more on me but it’s making me very angry and annoyed that everyone is trying to take away a great mood?! I feel like no one really cares when I’m depressed but as soon as I’m ‘euphoric’ (their words) then oh god medicate that immediately?! I’m struggling to listen to them when I am in that state even though logically now after taking it and settling I can see that I am impulsive and destructive and if we just leave it my thoughts start to get a bit odd and confused blurring nature and people and paranoid and I forget how to do things. Any advice around this? First of all like is it that important to treat these symptoms she sometimes I just want to feel that good? How to convince myself to take t when I know it will take my good state away?
8zbg4f,1356,1365,ADR,impulsive,quetiapine,quetiapine,Struggling to want to let go of my first hypomanic episode History of depressive episodes, I’ve been having a mixed episode for about a month, the ‘manic’ parts were restlessness and racing thoughts etc but with low mood. We put my antidepressants up and since then I’ve pushed over from what I felt was a depressive state with some mixed elements to a hypo/manic state with some depressive element. Even when restless and high energy I always felt freaking awful. For the first time in the last week I’ve been feeling fricking wonderful, I’m dancing everywhere, so much energy, confidence, creativity, motivation, i feel like everything is a perfect sparkly version of itself that reality is too wonderful to comprehend like I can zoom my focus in on things and see angles etc I have never been confident in my life and I have the home treatment (it’s a program set up as an alternative to hospital admission in my county)and they have prescribed Quetiapine and are pushing more and more on me but it’s making me very angry and annoyed that everyone is trying to take away a great mood?! I feel like no one really cares when I’m depressed but as soon as I’m ‘euphoric’ (their words) then oh god medicate that immediately?! I’m struggling to listen to them when I am in that state even though logically now after taking it and settling I can see that I am impulsive and destructive and if we just leave it my thoughts start to get a bit odd and confused blurring nature and people and paranoid and I forget how to do things. Any advice around this? First of all like is it that important to treat these symptoms she sometimes I just want to feel that good? How to convince myself to take t when I know it will take my good state away?
8zbg4f,1370,1381,ADR,destructive,quetiapine,quetiapine,Struggling to want to let go of my first hypomanic episode History of depressive episodes, I’ve been having a mixed episode for about a month, the ‘manic’ parts were restlessness and racing thoughts etc but with low mood. We put my antidepressants up and since then I’ve pushed over from what I felt was a depressive state with some mixed elements to a hypo/manic state with some depressive element. Even when restless and high energy I always felt freaking awful. For the first time in the last week I’ve been feeling fricking wonderful, I’m dancing everywhere, so much energy, confidence, creativity, motivation, i feel like everything is a perfect sparkly version of itself that reality is too wonderful to comprehend like I can zoom my focus in on things and see angles etc I have never been confident in my life and I have the home treatment (it’s a program set up as an alternative to hospital admission in my county)and they have prescribed Quetiapine and are pushing more and more on me but it’s making me very angry and annoyed that everyone is trying to take away a great mood?! I feel like no one really cares when I’m depressed but as soon as I’m ‘euphoric’ (their words) then oh god medicate that immediately?! I’m struggling to listen to them when I am in that state even though logically now after taking it and settling I can see that I am impulsive and destructive and if we just leave it my thoughts start to get a bit odd and confused blurring nature and people and paranoid and I forget how to do things. Any advice around this? First of all like is it that important to treat these symptoms she sometimes I just want to feel that good? How to convince myself to take t when I know it will take my good state away?
8zbg4f,1445,1453,ADR,confused,quetiapine,quetiapine,Struggling to want to let go of my first hypomanic episode History of depressive episodes, I’ve been having a mixed episode for about a month, the ‘manic’ parts were restlessness and racing thoughts etc but with low mood. We put my antidepressants up and since then I’ve pushed over from what I felt was a depressive state with some mixed elements to a hypo/manic state with some depressive element. Even when restless and high energy I always felt freaking awful. For the first time in the last week I’ve been feeling fricking wonderful, I’m dancing everywhere, so much energy, confidence, creativity, motivation, i feel like everything is a perfect sparkly version of itself that reality is too wonderful to comprehend like I can zoom my focus in on things and see angles etc I have never been confident in my life and I have the home treatment (it’s a program set up as an alternative to hospital admission in my county)and they have prescribed Quetiapine and are pushing more and more on me but it’s making me very angry and annoyed that everyone is trying to take away a great mood?! I feel like no one really cares when I’m depressed but as soon as I’m ‘euphoric’ (their words) then oh god medicate that immediately?! I’m struggling to listen to them when I am in that state even though logically now after taking it and settling I can see that I am impulsive and destructive and if we just leave it my thoughts start to get a bit odd and confused blurring nature and people and paranoid and I forget how to do things. Any advice around this? First of all like is it that important to treat these symptoms she sometimes I just want to feel that good? How to convince myself to take t when I know it will take my good state away?
8zbg4f,1485,1493,ADR,paranoid,quetiapine,quetiapine,Struggling to want to let go of my first hypomanic episode History of depressive episodes, I’ve been having a mixed episode for about a month, the ‘manic’ parts were restlessness and racing thoughts etc but with low mood. We put my antidepressants up and since then I’ve pushed over from what I felt was a depressive state with some mixed elements to a hypo/manic state with some depressive element. Even when restless and high energy I always felt freaking awful. For the first time in the last week I’ve been feeling fricking wonderful, I’m dancing everywhere, so much energy, confidence, creativity, motivation, i feel like everything is a perfect sparkly version of itself that reality is too wonderful to comprehend like I can zoom my focus in on things and see angles etc I have never been confident in my life and I have the home treatment (it’s a program set up as an alternative to hospital admission in my county)and they have prescribed Quetiapine and are pushing more and more on me but it’s making me very angry and annoyed that everyone is trying to take away a great mood?! I feel like no one really cares when I’m depressed but as soon as I’m ‘euphoric’ (their words) then oh god medicate that immediately?! I’m struggling to listen to them when I am in that state even though logically now after taking it and settling I can see that I am impulsive and destructive and if we just leave it my thoughts start to get a bit odd and confused blurring nature and people and paranoid and I forget how to do things. Any advice around this? First of all like is it that important to treat these symptoms she sometimes I just want to feel that good? How to convince myself to take t when I know it will take my good state away?
8yiqkx,3823,3834,ADR,nightmares,,quetiapine,quetiapine,My friend is severely depressed and addicted, I don't know what to do and help her and I'm scared and hopeless Jane is a very dear friend to me. I've known Jane for 3 years; although it is not mutual, I consider Jane to be my current best friend, and one of the best friends I have ever had. Because of her, I was able to overcome some difficult times during which I had no other friends, which I'm always very grateful for (I never told her because that's weird).  Jane told me before that she had a period of severe depression over the 3 months from December 2017 to March this year, which sadly she decided to cope with by doing dangerous amounts of nitrous (laughing gas). But it was only yesterday that she told me about it in dreadful, heartbreaking detail.  She had a history with drugs but according to her it never got out of hand until that 3 months. I never met Jane in person during that 3 months; when I finally met her, aside from suffering from her chronic insomnia, she appeared to be in acceptable physical and metal health, which was one of the reasons why I overlooked her problem; I still regret very much not being concerned as much as I should have been until now.  She described herself during that 3 months as totally dysfunctional, that all she did was doing literal hundreds of canisters of nitrous until she passes out only to wake up and do some more. She finds herself awake at night and bursting into tears "for no reason", and she said there had been voices in her head, voices she knew weren't real but still answered, she said she answered quietly because she didn't want her roommate to hear. Fucked up shit like this happened all the time. Because of her problems, she is excused from university for half a year or so. Her counselor at her university made her seek help by having someone at a help center check up on her by calling her every single day, although she told the person on the second day not to call her anymore. Jane hinted that one night she had suicidal thoughts, and was scared something would happen so she decided to go to the help center in middle of the night, asking to stay until morning comes. Instead of offering help, the piece of human garbage on shift that night told Jane to go to the hospital. And so she did, she went to the emergency department, they told her that she couldn't stay since it was" for emergencies only". Jane left for home, on the way she got a call from the help center from earlier, apologizing and begging her not to go home and instead, stay at the help center for the night. She went home, and thankfully nothing happened that night.  She talked about such horrible things so calmly, in a nonchalant way like she was talking about the plot in a movie that she saw. Jane has always been a private person who keeps secrets, she feels comfortable being distant. I felt awful that I had no idea these things happened, and I would never know if she just decided not to tell me. The thought that I was completely unaware that she was going through all that and that I made absolutely fucking zero effort to help her made me feel miserable, and I was so afraid of what could've happened, I feel like I was going to cry, I didn't, good thing I don't have a heart, I guess. I'm really thankful she decided to tell me all these things, although if she sees this post she'll never tell me anything ever again, hell, I don't think she'd even talk to me again, I guess because I can't mind my own goddamn business. I don't blame her, though.  Jane started seeing a psychiatrist. The psychiatrist prescribed her Quetiapine (she only told me she was prescribed antipsychotics for schizophrenia, I later found out what they are by reading off the label on her bottle of pills in her bathroom). She didn't stick to the pills, she told me they gave her nightmares, and that the pills made her"feel detached from reality". She said the psychiatrist wasn't any help because "it's not like he told her anything she didn't know or he actually cared". At that point all I could say was that I care.  Fortunately she decided to be done with nitrous by being fucking hardcore and cut it cold turkey, it has been successful up to this point and I'm SO proud of her. HOWEVER Jane is returning to her university: her main source of anxiety and stress. Honestly I'm so fucking worried. She told me there were times she was really tempted to do nitrous again, although she was determined enough not to relive the nightmare, the other possibility dreads me. I just hope she can get through this addiction, there's nothing more important, I don't even care if we will ever talk again, I just don't want her to have to go through all that ever again.  And I really hope I could do something more than writing this sad cry for help on reddit.  TL;DR: My friend told me she was suicidal and addicted, and there's nothing I want more than being helpful to her.  p.s. This has been very painful to write, having to recall what happened to Jane and the fact that I did absolutely nothing for her, at some points I almost gave up, but I'm glad I didn't. I guess I still have some conscience left in me. Having written this much I now realize maybe it's for the best that I show Jane this post, just so she knows that somebody cares, not just me, but also strangers on reddit who take their time to help us out. The longer I wait to let her see this the weirder it's gonna be. To Jane it might seem like I'm overreacting, but at this point I don't really give a fuck if we ever talk again, as long as this helps. So what do you guys think? Should I send this post to her? Sincere thanks.
8yiqkx,1996,2004,ADR,suicidal,quetiapine,quetiapine,My friend is severely depressed and addicted, I don't know what to do and help her and I'm scared and hopeless Jane is a very dear friend to me. I've known Jane for 3 years; although it is not mutual, I consider Jane to be my current best friend, and one of the best friends I have ever had. Because of her, I was able to overcome some difficult times during which I had no other friends, which I'm always very grateful for (I never told her because that's weird).  Jane told me before that she had a period of severe depression over the 3 months from December 2017 to March this year, which sadly she decided to cope with by doing dangerous amounts of nitrous (laughing gas). But it was only yesterday that she told me about it in dreadful, heartbreaking detail.  She had a history with drugs but according to her it never got out of hand until that 3 months. I never met Jane in person during that 3 months; when I finally met her, aside from suffering from her chronic insomnia, she appeared to be in acceptable physical and metal health, which was one of the reasons why I overlooked her problem; I still regret very much not being concerned as much as I should have been until now.  She described herself during that 3 months as totally dysfunctional, that all she did was doing literal hundreds of canisters of nitrous until she passes out only to wake up and do some more. She finds herself awake at night and bursting into tears "for no reason", and she said there had been voices in her head, voices she knew weren't real but still answered, she said she answered quietly because she didn't want her roommate to hear. Fucked up shit like this happened all the time. Because of her problems, she is excused from university for half a year or so. Her counselor at her university made her seek help by having someone at a help center check up on her by calling her every single day, although she told the person on the second day not to call her anymore. Jane hinted that one night she had suicidal thoughts, and was scared something would happen so she decided to go to the help center in middle of the night, asking to stay until morning comes. Instead of offering help, the piece of human garbage on shift that night told Jane to go to the hospital. And so she did, she went to the emergency department, they told her that she couldn't stay since it was" for emergencies only". Jane left for home, on the way she got a call from the help center from earlier, apologizing and begging her not to go home and instead, stay at the help center for the night. She went home, and thankfully nothing happened that night.  She talked about such horrible things so calmly, in a nonchalant way like she was talking about the plot in a movie that she saw. Jane has always been a private person who keeps secrets, she feels comfortable being distant. I felt awful that I had no idea these things happened, and I would never know if she just decided not to tell me. The thought that I was completely unaware that she was going through all that and that I made absolutely fucking zero effort to help her made me feel miserable, and I was so afraid of what could've happened, I feel like I was going to cry, I didn't, good thing I don't have a heart, I guess. I'm really thankful she decided to tell me all these things, although if she sees this post she'll never tell me anything ever again, hell, I don't think she'd even talk to me again, I guess because I can't mind my own goddamn business. I don't blame her, though.  Jane started seeing a psychiatrist. The psychiatrist prescribed her Quetiapine (she only told me she was prescribed antipsychotics for schizophrenia, I later found out what they are by reading off the label on her bottle of pills in her bathroom). She didn't stick to the pills, she told me they gave her nightmares, and that the pills made her"feel detached from reality". She said the psychiatrist wasn't any help because "it's not like he told her anything she didn't know or he actually cared". At that point all I could say was that I care.  Fortunately she decided to be done with nitrous by being fucking hardcore and cut it cold turkey, it has been successful up to this point and I'm SO proud of her. HOWEVER Jane is returning to her university: her main source of anxiety and stress. Honestly I'm so fucking worried. She told me there were times she was really tempted to do nitrous again, although she was determined enough not to relive the nightmare, the other possibility dreads me. I just hope she can get through this addiction, there's nothing more important, I don't even care if we will ever talk again, I just don't want her to have to go through all that ever again.  And I really hope I could do something more than writing this sad cry for help on reddit.  TL;DR: My friend told me she was suicidal and addicted, and there's nothing I want more than being helpful to her.  p.s. This has been very painful to write, having to recall what happened to Jane and the fact that I did absolutely nothing for her, at some points I almost gave up, but I'm glad I didn't. I guess I still have some conscience left in me. Having written this much I now realize maybe it's for the best that I show Jane this post, just so she knows that somebody cares, not just me, but also strangers on reddit who take their time to help us out. The longer I wait to let her see this the weirder it's gonna be. To Jane it might seem like I'm overreacting, but at this point I don't really give a fuck if we ever talk again, as long as this helps. So what do you guys think? Should I send this post to her? Sincere thanks.
8yiqkx,36,44,ADR,addicted,quetiapine,quetiapine,My friend is severely depressed and addicted, I don't know what to do and help her and I'm scared and hopeless Jane is a very dear friend to me. I've known Jane for 3 years; although it is not mutual, I consider Jane to be my current best friend, and one of the best friends I have ever had. Because of her, I was able to overcome some difficult times during which I had no other friends, which I'm always very grateful for (I never told her because that's weird).  Jane told me before that she had a period of severe depression over the 3 months from December 2017 to March this year, which sadly she decided to cope with by doing dangerous amounts of nitrous (laughing gas). But it was only yesterday that she told me about it in dreadful, heartbreaking detail.  She had a history with drugs but according to her it never got out of hand until that 3 months. I never met Jane in person during that 3 months; when I finally met her, aside from suffering from her chronic insomnia, she appeared to be in acceptable physical and metal health, which was one of the reasons why I overlooked her problem; I still regret very much not being concerned as much as I should have been until now.  She described herself during that 3 months as totally dysfunctional, that all she did was doing literal hundreds of canisters of nitrous until she passes out only to wake up and do some more. She finds herself awake at night and bursting into tears "for no reason", and she said there had been voices in her head, voices she knew weren't real but still answered, she said she answered quietly because she didn't want her roommate to hear. Fucked up shit like this happened all the time. Because of her problems, she is excused from university for half a year or so. Her counselor at her university made her seek help by having someone at a help center check up on her by calling her every single day, although she told the person on the second day not to call her anymore. Jane hinted that one night she had suicidal thoughts, and was scared something would happen so she decided to go to the help center in middle of the night, asking to stay until morning comes. Instead of offering help, the piece of human garbage on shift that night told Jane to go to the hospital. And so she did, she went to the emergency department, they told her that she couldn't stay since it was" for emergencies only". Jane left for home, on the way she got a call from the help center from earlier, apologizing and begging her not to go home and instead, stay at the help center for the night. She went home, and thankfully nothing happened that night.  She talked about such horrible things so calmly, in a nonchalant way like she was talking about the plot in a movie that she saw. Jane has always been a private person who keeps secrets, she feels comfortable being distant. I felt awful that I had no idea these things happened, and I would never know if she just decided not to tell me. The thought that I was completely unaware that she was going through all that and that I made absolutely fucking zero effort to help her made me feel miserable, and I was so afraid of what could've happened, I feel like I was going to cry, I didn't, good thing I don't have a heart, I guess. I'm really thankful she decided to tell me all these things, although if she sees this post she'll never tell me anything ever again, hell, I don't think she'd even talk to me again, I guess because I can't mind my own goddamn business. I don't blame her, though.  Jane started seeing a psychiatrist. The psychiatrist prescribed her Quetiapine (she only told me she was prescribed antipsychotics for schizophrenia, I later found out what they are by reading off the label on her bottle of pills in her bathroom). She didn't stick to the pills, she told me they gave her nightmares, and that the pills made her"feel detached from reality". She said the psychiatrist wasn't any help because "it's not like he told her anything she didn't know or he actually cared". At that point all I could say was that I care.  Fortunately she decided to be done with nitrous by being fucking hardcore and cut it cold turkey, it has been successful up to this point and I'm SO proud of her. HOWEVER Jane is returning to her university: her main source of anxiety and stress. Honestly I'm so fucking worried. She told me there were times she was really tempted to do nitrous again, although she was determined enough not to relive the nightmare, the other possibility dreads me. I just hope she can get through this addiction, there's nothing more important, I don't even care if we will ever talk again, I just don't want her to have to go through all that ever again.  And I really hope I could do something more than writing this sad cry for help on reddit.  TL;DR: My friend told me she was suicidal and addicted, and there's nothing I want more than being helpful to her.  p.s. This has been very painful to write, having to recall what happened to Jane and the fact that I did absolutely nothing for her, at some points I almost gave up, but I'm glad I didn't. I guess I still have some conscience left in me. Having written this much I now realize maybe it's for the best that I show Jane this post, just so she knows that somebody cares, not just me, but also strangers on reddit who take their time to help us out. The longer I wait to let her see this the weirder it's gonna be. To Jane it might seem like I'm overreacting, but at this point I don't really give a fuck if we ever talk again, as long as this helps. So what do you guys think? Should I send this post to her? Sincere thanks.
8y54q5,116,130,ADR,hallucinations,quetiapine,quetiapine,Breakfast Only had a point of meth left last night and didn't get that high so 30mg of zopiclone (+4 hours of weird hallucinations) and 50mg of quetiapine later and I'm out cold.  It's midday and I'm sitting here on 2mg of clonazepam, drinking the best coffee I ever made, taking hits of chop from my pipe, and feeling the after effects of the zopiclone.  Life can be good sometimes.
8xxrc8,1102,1113,ADR,weight gain,quetiapine,quetiapine,Psychiatrist wants to prescribe antipsychotics... confused Just a bit of background, I have depression, social anxiety, "BPD traits" and substance use issues.  I've been on an antipsychotic Quetiapine (Seroquel) before on a small 50mg dose to help with sleeping, and was eventually told to take it PRN for when I'm nervous. It just knocks me out and makes me stupid as well as makes me want to grab everything remotely edible in sight and eat it, so I quit it.  I've been on Citalopram, Venlafaxine, Mirtazapine and Bupropion in the past, as well as Lorazepam. I think he's hesitant to prescribe benzos now as I've overdosed on them in the past which is understandable. He offered Moclobemide but then changed his mind, although I'm not too fussed about that because I heard it has a fairly weak effect.  So he's told me he'll just prescribe an antipsychotic by itself to "focus on the social anxiety". I'm a bit confused, I have no psychotic symptoms and while I understand it has anxiolytic effects to a degree, I feel there must be better options out there.  I am reluctant to take SSRIs because of weight gain and sexual side effects, which are things I already struggle with. However if it is absolutely necessary I take it, I guess that's my best option. However I wanted to know, is there anything else worth looking into?
8zfoh7,157,165,ADR,euphoria,memantine,memantine,Do you think it have any antidepressant effect? Other disso's like Ketamine, DXM tend to have a great mood life.What about Memantine? (I'm not talking about euphoria)
8z5gey,28,42,ADR,hyper hidrosis,memantine,memantine,Does anyone else experience hyper hidrosis (too much sweating) on NSI-189? It's either the NSI-189 or Memantine. But I sweat a lot after taking them.  I'm almost positive it's the NSI-189, because I also experience anxiety on it and that's one of its side effects.  Maybe it's because of the caffeine I take with it, I know that you feel caffeine much more whilst taking it. Should I lower the dosage (40 mg) and stay on that dose? Or should I titrate up more slowly.  I'd like to keep taking it, because of the trauma I've inflicted on my brain, but sweating this much just ain't cool.
8z5gey,215,222,ADR,anxiety,memantine,memantine,Does anyone else experience hyper hidrosis (too much sweating) on NSI-189? It's either the NSI-189 or Memantine. But I sweat a lot after taking them.  I'm almost positive it's the NSI-189, because I also experience anxiety on it and that's one of its side effects.  Maybe it's because of the caffeine I take with it, I know that you feel caffeine much more whilst taking it. Should I lower the dosage (40 mg) and stay on that dose? Or should I titrate up more slowly.  I'd like to keep taking it, because of the trauma I've inflicted on my brain, but sweating this much just ain't cool.
8z4j48,1971,1980,ADR,psychotic,Aricept,Aricept,What do I need out of a Neuro? Do I even need a Neuro? I am generally happy with my mom’s neuro. After a series of doctors he actually diagnosed her for which I am eternally grateful. He has an academic appointment out of a major research institution and is well versed in the current literature. He’s published. He’s pleasant to my mother and helped to get her anxiety semi-under control with meds.   BACKGROUND/CONCERNS 1.) While her neuro has worked out of the same research institution for years, his satellite offices (where my mom sees him) have changed multiple times over the past decade. This happened again in June.   2.) This transition has been “bumpy” in terms of communication with the new support staff and information seems very confused.  I tried to reschedule my mom’s appt. and get her meds filled and was met with outright hostility, their refusal to call my cell phone, and the statement from staff that “Dr. X has never even heard of your mom so I don’t know where you got his name from.” Charming, instills a lot of confidence in the doctor and the administration of his office.   Her appointment at the new place is Tuesday, so I’m going to try to feel the place out in person. But I’m going there with a lot of skepticism.   3.) I’m not sure we are getting much out of office visits. His nurse (who I don’t think transitioned to the new office) did a brief cognitive evaluation of my mom over year ago at her first appointment, but that was the first and only time. During office visits the doctor asks about her anxiety and if she is having bathroom accidents but that’s about it. He also doesn’t speak to me separately, so i am not free to fully express what’s going on because it upsets my mom.   4.) I don’t feel like the doctor and I are on the same page with the meds. He hasn’t upped my mom’s anxiety meds in 9 months because he wants her to be on Alzheimer’s meds which he says will help with her mood. Unfortunately the Aricept made her psychotic and the insurance won’t cover the Memantine. I actually give zero shits about her being on Alzheimer’s meds: their effectiveness particularly out of the early stages are “meh” at best, her neuro actually published an article stating just this, and I don’t understand the point of extending her misery (and ours). I honestly just want her distress alleviated through palliative care.   QUESTIONS:  1.) Is a neurologist necessary or even advantageous once the disease has been diagnosed?  2.) If they are necessary, what should an office visit with a neuro look like? What should we be getting out of it in terms of information and treatment? 3.) If they are not necessary who should I take her to in order to manage her psychiatric issues? A geriatrician? A psychiatrist? Her GP?
8yh3ru,59,68,ADR,tolerance,memantine,memantine,Ketamine Infusion Therapy for someone who has a huge disso tolerance? How would it work? I suffer from severe chronic (Treatment resistant) depression, and ketamine therapy is one of the last things I have hope in (as well as ECT). But neither are covered by my medicaid, and I definitely can't afford them anytime soon.  But just curious, I know with ketamine infusions they give a relatively low dose compared to what one would take 'recreationally'.   I have been using memantine on and off for almost  a year, not everyday though, but I will take it before stims, to help and reduce tolerance to them, and also these past few months, I have really been 'abusing' 3meo/3ho pcp. I have stopped, but realize I built up a massive tolerance to dissos.  I only used ketamine a handful of times, I got some recently, to try and experiment/self-medicate, and noticed I must have a massive tolerance to dissos. Because even 200mg IV was not enough to khole, and I was able to walk, talk and function normally on that dose, the effects are also very short lived  So this makes me wonder, If I ever want to get ketamine infusion therapy, will it still be effective? Will I need much higher doses? Will my disso tolerance ever go away?  I've read some reports of people using memantine recreationally, and that it kinda created a 'permanent' disso tolerance for them, anyone have experience with this? Is my tolerance more likely from the memantine or /-pcps?
8zm1cc,224,231,ADR,anxiety,metoclopromide,metoclopromide,Getting off Cymbalta This is kind of a rant, but I thought you guys might have some insight, too.   In 2014, I had a stomach illness that lasted a long time. I was prescribed Reglan (metoclopromide), and it gave me a severe anxiety attack. I ended up at he emergency room, because I didn't realize that's what it was. All I knew was that my heart was beating really fast and I was pacing like a caged lion.  I stopped taking the Reglan, but the anxiety continued. I was afraid to be alone and I was crying a lot. I had had a major depressive episode in 2001 and was on Zoloft for several years. I hated being on antidepressants. Because of the Reglan episode, my mom pushed me into taking Cymbalta. I really hated the thought of it. I remember having a dream where I was in a dank tile room and every time I took a pill, another link in a chain that would chain me to the wall would appear. But my parents kept pushing, so I started taking it. I've been on it since then. It hasn't been terrible, but I still hate it.  Now, I'm looking to moving from where I live in Arkansas to Tennessee where I grew up. Things have gotten really bad at my job, and my brother and his wife and child who were here have moved away, so it's been hard to deal with here. I don't know if I'll be able to have a job in Tennessee before I move there, so I wanted to wean off of the Cymbalta so that I won't have to stop cold turkey if/when my insurance runs out. My mom has agreed to come to Arkansas to stay with me while I get off the drug, but instead of being supportive, she's got me afraid to share any withdrawals I might be experiencing because she overreacts to everything. So, now I've got to hide that. She's said she's sorry she ever pushed me to get on the drug because now that I've said I want to get of it, she's actually read about it and discovered that it can be really hard on someone to get off of it.   I really hate the attitude toward anti-depressants, as if it's some sort of cure-all. Here, eat these magic beans and everything will be great. Translation: here, eat these magic beans because I don't want to actually be there for you.
8zgsq8,139,157,ADR,emotional blunting,cymbalta,cymbalta,Adding Wellbutrin XL to Cymbalta? I have been on Cymbalta for about a year and a half and it has been amazing for my anxiety. But.... have emotional blunting, extreme apathy and had a 40 lb weight gain. Doc gave me 150mg of Wellbutrin to start and wants to see how it works. Worried it could trigger my anxiety, but hoping it helps with weight loss and having more energy. Anybody have any experiences related to this that might help?
8zgsq8,159,173,ADR,extreme apathy,cymbalta,cymbalta,Adding Wellbutrin XL to Cymbalta? I have been on Cymbalta for about a year and a half and it has been amazing for my anxiety. But.... have emotional blunting, extreme apathy and had a 40 lb weight gain. Doc gave me 150mg of Wellbutrin to start and wants to see how it works. Worried it could trigger my anxiety, but hoping it helps with weight loss and having more energy. Anybody have any experiences related to this that might help?
8zgsq8,190,201,ADR,weight gain,cymbalta,cymbalta,Adding Wellbutrin XL to Cymbalta? I have been on Cymbalta for about a year and a half and it has been amazing for my anxiety. But.... have emotional blunting, extreme apathy and had a 40 lb weight gain. Doc gave me 150mg of Wellbutrin to start and wants to see how it works. Worried it could trigger my anxiety, but hoping it helps with weight loss and having more energy. Anybody have any experiences related to this that might help?
8zg35w,16,28,ADR,withdrawling,cymbalta,cymbalta,Relaxing during withdrawling Relaxation methods during withdrawal. I’m currently going through withdrawal while I’m coming off my Cymbalta medication. I just thought I would create a list of relaxation methods to try if anyone else is going through the same hell. Here we go!
 •	Meditation/ breathing: I know this sounds silly but it’s important. When your detoxing from the meds you are overwhelmed with emotions and it’s hard to focus on feeling better. Remember to take at least 5 minutes a day to take a deep breath or meditate in a quiet environment. Exercise: this will be great for releasing energy if you were speeding like me. I had odd spurts of energy and would try to clean or organize everything in the house lol. Try to do some floor exercises or if your feeling up to it try walking at the gym. Don’t push yourself too hard but try to wear yourself out a little to bring that energy down so you can relax.
 •	Rest: The most important method of healing! Rest !rest! rest! It might be the only thing you want to do for a couple of days, and that is perfectly fine! Sleep if you can, but if you can’t just lay back and do something that relaxes you. .read a book, watch Netflix, scroll through Reddit ;).
 •	Healthy eating and keeping Hydrated: During withdrawal the body can experience a number of nutritional issues You will usually lose your appetite, forget to drink water and unfortunately there is a chance you will have some bowel issues ( I know it’s not fun to talk about).. So.. all I have to say is try to eat a little bit of something each day and don’t make it a greasy cheeseburger. Try to get something nutritional like veggies, fruit, chicken.. something that’s not filled with grease. Also keep water on standby. I know you don’t want it but try to drink some water every hour to stay hydrated. You don’t realize it but if your getting sick or having bowel issues you will become dehydrated quick.
 •	Hot Epsom Salt Baths With Sensory Brush ( Body Brush): this is so far the one thing that really helps me relax and I look forward to at the end of the day now. Many individuals in recovery  from opiate addiction report that taking a hot bath is a helpful trick that can improve the experience of some withdrawal symptoms. Muscle aches and pains, headaches, and back pain can be relaxed away by soaking in hot water, and the relaxation can help improve sleep. Epsom salt added to the water aids in soothing sore muscles. Also using a Sensory Brush on your skin while you soak will help soothe your skin crawling feeling.
 If anyone has more helpful relaxation tips please comment! A lot of people are going through this hell and the more help the better. :)
8zg35w,1920,1930,ADR,dehydrated,cymbalta,cymbalta,Relaxing during withdrawling Relaxation methods during withdrawal
 I’m currently going through withdrawal while I’m coming off my Cymbalta medication. I just thought I would create a list of relaxation methods to try if anyone else is going through the same hell. Here we go!
 •	Meditation/ breathing: I know this sounds silly but it’s important. When your detoxing from the meds you are overwhelmed with emotions and it’s hard to focus on feeling better. Remember to take at least 5 minutes a day to take a deep breath or meditate in a quiet environment.
 •	Exercise: this will be great for releasing energy if you were speeding like me. I had odd spurts of energy and would try to clean or organize everything in the house lol. Try to do some floor exercises or if your feeling up to it try walking at the gym. Don’t push yourself too hard but try to wear yourself out a little to bring that energy down so you can relax.
 •	Rest: The most important method of healing! Rest !rest! rest! It might be the only thing you want to do for a couple of days, and that is perfectly fine! Sleep if you can, but if you can’t just lay back and do something that relaxes you. .read a book, watch Netflix, scroll through Reddit ;).
 •	Healthy eating and keeping Hydrated: During withdrawal the body can experience a number of nutritional issues You will usually lose your appetite, forget to drink water and unfortunately there is a chance you will have some bowel issues ( I know it’s not fun to talk about).. So.. all I have to say is try to eat a little bit of something each day and don’t make it a greasy cheeseburger. Try to get something nutritional like veggies, fruit, chicken.. something that’s not filled with grease. Also keep water on standby. I know you don’t want it but try to drink some water every hour to stay hydrated. You don’t realize it but if your getting sick or having bowel issues you will become dehydrated quick.
 •	Hot Epsom Salt Baths With Sensory Brush ( Body Brush): this is so far the one thing that really helps me relax and I look forward to at the end of the day now. Many individuals in recovery  from opiate addiction report that taking a hot bath is a helpful trick that can improve the experience of some withdrawal symptoms. Muscle aches and pains, headaches, and back pain can be relaxed away by soaking in hot water, and the relaxation can help improve sleep. Epsom salt added to the water aids in soothing sore muscles. Also using a Sensory Brush on your skin while you soak will help soothe your skin crawling feeling.
 If anyone has more helpful relaxation tips please comment! A lot of people are going through this hell and the more help the better. :)
8zd7az,578,589,ADR,weight gain,cymbalta,cymbalta,No more weight loss from Bupropion after SNRIs A couple of years ago I took Bupropion (300mg) for around 11-12 months.  In that time I lost around 35-40 lbs, which was very pleasant.  But then my doctor prescribed me Cymbalta (30mg) which I took in unison with Bupropion for a couple of months before stopping the Bupropion and just taking the Cymbalta (now 60mg).  I was on Cymbalta for a few months before switching to Pristiq (25mg) for a few months.  During this SNRI period without Bupropion, I gained back 35 lbs.  I eventually became fed up with the SNRIs' side effects (weight gain, fatigue, night sweats, etc. just for a small increase in my depression) and am back back on Bupropion.  I've been back on Bupropion for a couple of months and haven't taken Pristiq since the beginning of this period.  I have noticed that Bupropion isn't having any of the same weight loss effects it did prior to my SNRI period.  Could the SNRIs have effected my metabolism to the point where Buproprion no longer causes weight loss?  If so, do you think this is a permanent effect?  If not and you don't believe there is a causation, what do you think could be causing my inability to lose weight on Bupropion?  I have been eating healthy and exercising since restarting Bupropion.  Note: I've been on Methylphenidate ER (54mg) this entire time.  Please understand I'm not interested in losing weight solely for vanity reasons.  Growing up I was an athlete and was use to being in shape or at least not very much out of shape.  My mid-late 20s hit (I'm early 30s now) and I gained 40-45 lbs due to lack of exercise, bad eating and overall lack of care if I was fat or not.  After taking Bupropion the first time and losing that extra weight I gained, I felt amazing.  Yeah, it was nice having a fit body and not being super self-conscious about my weight, but I also had more energy as well as confidence in public settings where I have bad social anxiety.  This also improved my outlook on life and generally made me feel better as a person.  Bupropion seems to be the only consistent thing that helped me lose weight.  I've always had issues losing extra weight even with exercise and good eating habits.  I could maintain my weight with exercise and eating right, but always lost weight at a snail-slow speed no matter what I did.  Another thing, I'm newish to the whole depression-treating scene.  Most of my life I've experienced depression but always thought it was normal and everyone went through it but they were just better at dealing with it.  It wasn't until I talked to a psychologist that I discovered this isn't a normal condition and can be treated.
8zd7az,591,598,ADR,fatigue,cymbalta,cymbalta,No more weight loss from Bupropion after SNRIs A couple of years ago I took Bupropion (300mg) for around 11-12 months.  In that time I lost around 35-40 lbs, which was very pleasant.  But then my doctor prescribed me Cymbalta (30mg) which I took in unison with Bupropion for a couple of months before stopping the Bupropion and just taking the Cymbalta (now 60mg).  I was on Cymbalta for a few months before switching to Pristiq (25mg) for a few months.  During this SNRI period without Bupropion, I gained back 35 lbs.  I eventually became fed up with the SNRIs' side effects (weight gain, fatigue, night sweats, etc. just for a small increase in my depression) and am back back on Bupropion.  I've been back on Bupropion for a couple of months and haven't taken Pristiq since the beginning of this period.  I have noticed that Bupropion isn't having any of the same weight loss effects it did prior to my SNRI period.  Could the SNRIs have effected my metabolism to the point where Buproprion no longer causes weight loss?  If so, do you think this is a permanent effect?  If not and you don't believe there is a causation, what do you think could be causing my inability to lose weight on Bupropion?  I have been eating healthy and exercising since restarting Bupropion.  Note: I've been on Methylphenidate ER (54mg) this entire time.  Please understand I'm not interested in losing weight solely for vanity reasons.  Growing up I was an athlete and was use to being in shape or at least not very much out of shape.  My mid-late 20s hit (I'm early 30s now) and I gained 40-45 lbs due to lack of exercise, bad eating and overall lack of care if I was fat or not.  After taking Bupropion the first time and losing that extra weight I gained, I felt amazing.  Yeah, it was nice having a fit body and not being super self-conscious about my weight, but I also had more energy as well as confidence in public settings where I have bad social anxiety.  This also improved my outlook on life and generally made me feel better as a person.  Bupropion seems to be the only consistent thing that helped me lose weight.  I've always had issues losing extra weight even with exercise and good eating habits.  I could maintain my weight with exercise and eating right, but always lost weight at a snail-slow speed no matter what I did.  Another thing, I'm newish to the whole depression-treating scene.  Most of my life I've experienced depression but always thought it was normal and everyone went through it but they were just better at dealing with it.  It wasn't until I talked to a psychologist that I discovered this isn't a normal condition and can be treated.
8zd7az,600,612,ADR,night sweats,cymbalta,cymbalta,No more weight loss from Bupropion after SNRIs A couple of years ago I took Bupropion (300mg) for around 11-12 months.  In that time I lost around 35-40 lbs, which was very pleasant.  But then my doctor prescribed me Cymbalta (30mg) which I took in unison with Bupropion for a couple of months before stopping the Bupropion and just taking the Cymbalta (now 60mg).  I was on Cymbalta for a few months before switching to Pristiq (25mg) for a few months.  During this SNRI period without Bupropion, I gained back 35 lbs.  I eventually became fed up with the SNRIs' side effects (weight gain, fatigue, night sweats, etc. just for a small increase in my depression) and am back back on Bupropion.  I've been back on Bupropion for a couple of months and haven't taken Pristiq since the beginning of this period.  I have noticed that Bupropion isn't having any of the same weight loss effects it did prior to my SNRI period.  Could the SNRIs have effected my metabolism to the point where Buproprion no longer causes weight loss?  If so, do you think this is a permanent effect?  If not and you don't believe there is a causation, what do you think could be causing my inability to lose weight on Bupropion?  I have been eating healthy and exercising since restarting Bupropion.  Note: I've been on Methylphenidate ER (54mg) this entire time.  Please understand I'm not interested in losing weight solely for vanity reasons.  Growing up I was an athlete and was use to being in shape or at least not very much out of shape.  My mid-late 20s hit (I'm early 30s now) and I gained 40-45 lbs due to lack of exercise, bad eating and overall lack of care if I was fat or not.  After taking Bupropion the first time and losing that extra weight I gained, I felt amazing.  Yeah, it was nice having a fit body and not being super self-conscious about my weight, but I also had more energy as well as confidence in public settings where I have bad social anxiety.  This also improved my outlook on life and generally made me feel better as a person.  Bupropion seems to be the only consistent thing that helped me lose weight.  I've always had issues losing extra weight even with exercise and good eating habits.  I could maintain my weight with exercise and eating right, but always lost weight at a snail-slow speed no matter what I did.  Another thing, I'm newish to the whole depression-treating scene.  Most of my life I've experienced depression but always thought it was normal and everyone went through it but they were just better at dealing with it.  It wasn't until I talked to a psychologist that I discovered this isn't a normal condition and can be treated.
8z7zsk,2304,2314,ADR,dehydrated,cymbalta,cymbalta,Status Migrainosus lasting 2 1/2 months, and my general neurologist is stumped. Waiting on a referral to a headache specialist, but wanted to try my luck here. 28 y/o female, 215 pounds, non-smoker. First diagnosed with migraines at age 16, and typically have between 3-8 migraine days per month but are not typically more than 2 days per migraine. Other medical history includes Asthma, Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome, and Fibromyalgia. Am also currently undergoing a work up by a cardiologist for tachycardia.   Current medications include Topiramate 100mg 2x daily, Cymbalta 60 mg, Meloxicam 15 mg, Tramadol 15 mg as needed, Imitrex 100mg as needed, Phenargan (unsure of mg) as needed. I also have the injectable form of Imitrex as well as the nasal spray. I also have the Mirena IUD to treat symptoms of PCOS. I take B12 injections and prescription strength vitamin D supplements as I have chronic deficiencies in both, use Naproxen over the counter to treat my headaches, as well as CBD hemp oil.   This current migraine came on at the beginning of May. My neurologist has her patients call if migraines last longer than three days. At that point, she had me come in for a Toradol shot and prescribed a Medrol dose pack, which I completed without any relief to my migraine. At that point, she had me come in for an IV infusion of Reglan, Benadryl, and Toradol. This still did not provide relief.   She then scheduled me for a 5 day IV infusion protocol of Dexamethasone, Magnesium, and Valproate. The Valproate made me quite sick to my stomach, but I was able to control it with Phenargan. I had a slight improvement of my symptoms after this infusion and was able to return to work but symptoms returned full. Last after a week and a half. My neurologist was out of the office, but the other neurologist prescribed oral Reglan, Benadryl, and Toradol to take over the weekend until my neurologist would be back in the office.   My neurologist set up another round of the same 5 day IV infusion as before. This time, between pain from the migraine and the Valproate, I was very sick to my stomach, and was beginning to not keep much food or fluids down. Needless to say, this didn’t have the best outcome, and my migraine was still persistent even after this round.   I wound up in the ER because I got dehydrated, which was messing with my tachycardia. In the ER I got fluids as well as another round of the Reglan/Benadryl/Toradol cocktail and trigger point injections (which helped temporarily but wore off after 8 hours).   My neurologist then set me up for a 5 day DHE infusion protocol. The first day I handled relatively well, although it made me nauseous. The second day, however, I became incredibly nauseous. At this point, I also hadn’t had been able to keep down food or liquid in days, my heart rate was running steadily in the 130’s with spikes up higher. That night, I got disoriented, and was still disoriented the next day. When my wife took me in for my infusion, the nurse immediately sent me down to the ER. My HR was in the 160’s, my blood sugar was 49...it wasn’t pretty. They gave me two bags of fluid, and admitted me.   While I was in the hospital, I had an MRI and an LP. Both were clean. The disorientation was concerning to them, but that mostly cleared up once they started giving me bags of dextrose. The migraine never faded, but my heart rate did come back down to a more reasonable range. At that point, I was discharged.   At this point I’m about a week and a half post discharge. The migraine still has not abated. I still am not able to keep enough food or liquid down to keep myself properly hydrated - my PCP ordered a bag of fluids for me and is looking into making it a standing order either at the hospital or for home health, but I’m down 15 pounds in less than 3 weeks.   My neurologist at this point is completely stumped. She’s thrown everything she knows to throw at it. She is thinking that at this point the migraine may be secondary to the cardiac issue that I was having and she wants me to follow up with my cardiologist...but to me this sounds like a cop-out. If I were having blood pressure issues I could see it, but my blood pressure is perfect, my issue is tachycardia so I don’t see how they’re related but I’m hardly the expert.   I am currently waiting for a referral to a headache specialist, but I’m hoping that someone here may think of something helpful I can take back to my neurologist until then.
8z7zsk,496,507,ADR,tachycardia,cymbalta,cymbalta,Status Migrainosus lasting 2 1/2 months, and my general neurologist is stumped. Waiting on a referral to a headache specialist, but wanted to try my luck here. 28 y/o female, 215 pounds, non-smoker. First diagnosed with migraines at age 16, and typically have between 3-8 migraine days per month but are not typically more than 2 days per migraine. Other medical history includes Asthma, Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome, and Fibromyalgia. Am also currently undergoing a work up by a cardiologist for tachycardia.   Current medications include Topiramate 100mg 2x daily, Cymbalta 60 mg, Meloxicam 15 mg, Tramadol 15 mg as needed, Imitrex 100mg as needed, Phenargan (unsure of mg) as needed. I also have the injectable form of Imitrex as well as the nasal spray. I also have the Mirena IUD to treat symptoms of PCOS. I take B12 injections and prescription strength vitamin D supplements as I have chronic deficiencies in both, use Naproxen over the counter to treat my headaches, as well as CBD hemp oil.   This current migraine came on at the beginning of May. My neurologist has her patients call if migraines last longer than three days. At that point, she had me come in for a Toradol shot and prescribed a Medrol dose pack, which I completed without any relief to my migraine. At that point, she had me come in for an IV infusion of Reglan, Benadryl, and Toradol. This still did not provide relief.   She then scheduled me for a 5 day IV infusion protocol of Dexamethasone, Magnesium, and Valproate. The Valproate made me quite sick to my stomach, but I was able to control it with Phenargan. I had a slight improvement of my symptoms after this infusion and was able to return to work but symptoms returned full. Last after a week and a half. My neurologist was out of the office, but the other neurologist prescribed oral Reglan, Benadryl, and Toradol to take over the weekend until my neurologist would be back in the office.   My neurologist set up another round of the same 5 day IV infusion as before. This time, between pain from the migraine and the Valproate, I was very sick to my stomach, and was beginning to not keep much food or fluids down. Needless to say, this didn’t have the best outcome, and my migraine was still persistent even after this round.   I wound up in the ER because I got dehydrated, which was messing with my tachycardia. In the ER I got fluids as well as another round of the Reglan/Benadryl/Toradol cocktail and trigger point injections (which helped temporarily but wore off after 8 hours).   My neurologist then set me up for a 5 day DHE infusion protocol. The first day I handled relatively well, although it made me nauseous. The second day, however, I became incredibly nauseous. At this point, I also hadn’t had been able to keep down food or liquid in days, my heart rate was running steadily in the 130’s with spikes up higher. That night, I got disoriented, and was still disoriented the next day. When my wife took me in for my infusion, the nurse immediately sent me down to the ER. My HR was in the 160’s, my blood sugar was 49...it wasn’t pretty. They gave me two bags of fluid, and admitted me.   While I was in the hospital, I had an MRI and an LP. Both were clean. The disorientation was concerning to them, but that mostly cleared up once they started giving me bags of dextrose. The migraine never faded, but my heart rate did come back down to a more reasonable range. At that point, I was discharged.   At this point I’m about a week and a half post discharge. The migraine still has not abated. I still am not able to keep enough food or liquid down to keep myself properly hydrated - my PCP ordered a bag of fluids for me and is looking into making it a standing order either at the hospital or for home health, but I’m down 15 pounds in less than 3 weeks.   My neurologist at this point is completely stumped. She’s thrown everything she knows to throw at it. She is thinking that at this point the migraine may be secondary to the cardiac issue that I was having and she wants me to follow up with my cardiologist...but to me this sounds like a cop-out. If I were having blood pressure issues I could see it, but my blood pressure is perfect, my issue is tachycardia so I don’t see how they’re related but I’m hardly the expert.   I am currently waiting for a referral to a headache specialist, but I’m hoping that someone here may think of something helpful I can take back to my neurologist until then.
8z7ch8,496,513,ADR,Suicidal thoughts,cymbalta,cymbalta,I am functional again! (ish) I started getting early simptoms in December 2015, lived through a total life breakdown for 2 years, diagnosed last year and have been taking cymbalta since.   I went through the initial weird pain, the desperation of doctors not believing, teachers and other authorities thinking I was just lazy, friendships lost, relationship broken. Dropped school, couldn't get a job, enormous bills. The fear of never getting better. The hatred towards life for giving me this. Suicidal thoughts, side effects. You name it. I was an utter mess.  After around a year of been taking this medication, I'm finally functional: I'm continuing school next month, I have a part job, the bills are being taking care for... I'm even going to the gym and doing exercise!! This would have seem impossible a year back but I'm finally here.   I've still got a lot to go through, but I've learnt about myself and my body and I'll always struggle more than the average healthy guy. I learnt that I'm capable of doing my life now that I've got the diagnosis and treatment that I need.  Keep it up guys, you can get through this! I'm rooting for you &lt;3
8ymc7d,1336,1342,ADR,nausea,Savella,Savella,Diagnosed with fibro young and feeling hopeless This is my first time on this sub. I have a hard time talking about this stuff.  I was diagnosed with fibro at 14, and I was told this was really unusual. I was also diagnosed with severe chronic migraines at 15. I have never held a driver's license because I got a migraine with aura in driver's training and my teacher reported me to the state DMV. In addition I had to quit school because of my symptoms and the resulting depression as well as dealing with PTSD from a sexual assault by a family friend. I am 22 now and I feel like I never had a chance at a normal life.   I have tried so many medications and therapies (acupuncture, massage, physical therapy, Cymbalta, Lyrica, Amitriptyline, muscle relaxants, multiple antidepressants, even opioids-which now no doctor will prescribe me because of the crackdown) and nothing seems to fit. I lost my work at home job and have been unemployed for 9 months. I can't even get the normal crappy jobs that people take to get by because I can't handle the manual labor. It hurts me to lift a milk gallon. I was told by a disability lawyer that I have no chance of being approved for disability because of my age.  I feel like I'll never be anything more than this now. My doctor just put me on Savella 2 weeks ago and I am getting a lot of nausea that is making me miserable. I don't want to quit taking it because I feel like there's nothing else left to try.  What can I do? Is it really hopeless? How are people with chronic illness supposed to be happy? I have struggled with intense depression ever since my teens and feel like my health is the reason I will never be happy. I have so many hobbies and things I would love to do, and so many goals I don't think I'll ever accomplish. How can I break free of this feeling?
8y45xd,298,312,ADR,hallucinations,seroquel,seroquel,Seroquel question Since the end of May I've been taking 200 mg Seroquel nightly in addition to the rest of my medications (120 mg Cymbalta, 2 mg Lunesta, .35 mg norethrindone nightly, .5 Xanax as needed for panic attacks). My anxiety is much, much better, though I'm still having infrequent visual hallucinations and have just accepted that audio hallucinations, or hearing things, are my normal. The hallucinations are much worse when I'm extremely stressed out or forced into an uncomfortable interpersonal situation for a long period from which I cannot escape (ie being around toxic family members/acquaintances for long periods without an escape route).  My memory is TERRIBLE. I can't differentiate between something that happened today and something that happened on Monday, sometimes going back as much as a week. Also, my dreams are not only vivid, but plausible and realistic - to the point that I will pick up a conversation where we "left off" only to be looked at like I've lost my goddamned mind. It is heartbreaking to me when I can't remember the conversation I just had with my grandmother, or my brother, and at this point I'm basically communicating solely in text unless someone calls me, just so I'll have a record of the damn conversation. I don't remember posting threads on Reddit; I've tried to buy the same book multiple times on my Kindle within a span of days; I can't remember if I've eaten, so I eat (possibly again) just to be safe. I'm tracking my wedding planning progress very carefully via a website and app to make sure I don't double-order supplies, which has worked so far.  I was hoping, really really hoping that this would get better with time, like the extreme sleepiness I wrote about a while back in this thread. It's not. If anything it's getting worse. And it makes me want to just cry with frustration because I don't know if I'm coming or going, and it SUCKS. Is this common on Seroquel? Are there other meds that have less of this time-fog effect? I really want to be able to remember what I ate for lunch yesterday. I want to be able to remember what I did last night to unwind before bed. I want to stop having to leave myself notes everywhere on everything to remind myself what's going on. Last weekend I walked out of the apartment without my keys and couldn't get in to my car, and couldn't get back in to my apartment and had to call a friend to come let me in. I'm frustrated and sad and hate this. Any experience? Anyone?
8y45xd,1703,1713,ADR,sleepiness,seroquel,seroquel,Seroquel question Since the end of May I've been taking 200 mg Seroquel nightly in addition to the rest of my medications (120 mg Cymbalta, 2 mg Lunesta, .35 mg norethrindone nightly, .5 Xanax as needed for panic attacks). My anxiety is much, much better, though I'm still having infrequent visual hallucinations and have just accepted that audio hallucinations, or hearing things, are my normal. The hallucinations are much worse when I'm extremely stressed out or forced into an uncomfortable interpersonal situation for a long period from which I cannot escape (ie being around toxic family members/acquaintances for long periods without an escape route).  My memory is TERRIBLE. I can't differentiate between something that happened today and something that happened on Monday, sometimes going back as much as a week. Also, my dreams are not only vivid, but plausible and realistic - to the point that I will pick up a conversation where we "left off" only to be looked at like I've lost my goddamned mind. It is heartbreaking to me when I can't remember the conversation I just had with my grandmother, or my brother, and at this point I'm basically communicating solely in text unless someone calls me, just so I'll have a record of the damn conversation. I don't remember posting threads on Reddit; I've tried to buy the same book multiple times on my Kindle within a span of days; I can't remember if I've eaten, so I eat (possibly again) just to be safe. I'm tracking my wedding planning progress very carefully via a website and app to make sure I don't double-order supplies, which has worked so far.  I was hoping, really really hoping that this would get better with time, like the extreme sleepiness I wrote about a while back in this thread. It's not. If anything it's getting worse. And it makes me want to just cry with frustration because I don't know if I'm coming or going, and it SUCKS. Is this common on Seroquel? Are there other meds that have less of this time-fog effect? I really want to be able to remember what I ate for lunch yesterday. I want to be able to remember what I did last night to unwind before bed. I want to stop having to leave myself notes everywhere on everything to remind myself what's going on. Last weekend I walked out of the apartment without my keys and couldn't get in to my car, and couldn't get back in to my apartment and had to call a friend to come let me in. I'm frustrated and sad and hate this. Any experience? Anyone?
8y45xd,1980,1988,ADR,time-fog,seroquel,seroquel,Seroquel question Since the end of May I've been taking 200 mg Seroquel nightly in addition to the rest of my medications (120 mg Cymbalta, 2 mg Lunesta, .35 mg norethrindone nightly, .5 Xanax as needed for panic attacks). My anxiety is much, much better, though I'm still having infrequent visual hallucinations and have just accepted that audio hallucinations, or hearing things, are my normal. The hallucinations are much worse when I'm extremely stressed out or forced into an uncomfortable interpersonal situation for a long period from which I cannot escape (ie being around toxic family members/acquaintances for long periods without an escape route).  My memory is TERRIBLE. I can't differentiate between something that happened today and something that happened on Monday, sometimes going back as much as a week. Also, my dreams are not only vivid, but plausible and realistic - to the point that I will pick up a conversation where we "left off" only to be looked at like I've lost my goddamned mind. It is heartbreaking to me when I can't remember the conversation I just had with my grandmother, or my brother, and at this point I'm basically communicating solely in text unless someone calls me, just so I'll have a record of the damn conversation. I don't remember posting threads on Reddit; I've tried to buy the same book multiple times on my Kindle within a span of days; I can't remember if I've eaten, so I eat (possibly again) just to be safe. I'm tracking my wedding planning progress very carefully via a website and app to make sure I don't double-order supplies, which has worked so far.  I was hoping, really really hoping that this would get better with time, like the extreme sleepiness I wrote about a while back in this thread. It's not. If anything it's getting worse. And it makes me want to just cry with frustration because I don't know if I'm coming or going, and it SUCKS. Is this common on Seroquel? Are there other meds that have less of this time-fog effect? I really want to be able to remember what I ate for lunch yesterday. I want to be able to remember what I did last night to unwind before bed. I want to stop having to leave myself notes everywhere on everything to remind myself what's going on. Last weekend I walked out of the apartment without my keys and couldn't get in to my car, and couldn't get back in to my apartment and had to call a friend to come let me in. I'm frustrated and sad and hate this. Any experience? Anyone?
8y3ubd,404,420,ADR,killing my liver,cymbalta,cymbalta,“You take too much ibuprofen” says the doctor This has been bugging me for almost a week now. I went to the doctor for the results of my blood tests. She said she needed to consult with her colleagues on the results. Fine, do what you got to do.  She comes back into the room and has another doctor with her, one I have never seen before. The new doc starts lecturing me on my ibuprofen usage. How I was killing my liver.  I’ve taken ibuprofen...4 times in my life. I’m 30. She ripped into me saying I am killing myself. Two years ago, I started having anaphylaxis to nsaids but I’m killing my liver? I’m so angry! I’ve fought for a year and a half to get my primary to take me serious about my thyroid tests (turns out I have Hashimotos) and fought with them for 7 years for other issues they thought I was making up (being tested for mast cell disorders now).   Sure, I am killing my liver and not all the doctors that have ignored my pleas for help.   She ended the “conversation” with, just tough out the fibro. A good day is a pain level of a 5 or below. I am constantly between a 7-8, but tough out the fibro. I haven’t ever  taken anything for my fibro besides gaba and cymbalta and I didn’t stay on them long.   Just tough it out. I hate doctors so much
8xuvga,0,12,ADR,I can’t walk,cymbalta,cymbalta,I can’t walk and nobody is concerned I physically cannot walk and neither my parents or fiancé think this warrants a trip to the ER.  I’m supposed to keep hitting my head on things and rolling around while trying to climb to the toilet before peeing myself.    I went to an emergency psych appointment earlier and I was crawling at one point and none of the doctors cared either.  I guess I’ll get a wheel chair?!    This has been going on for 24 hours.  What if I have GBS or something really NOT good?  They think it’s a side effect of Cymbalta and nobody cares that I can’t walk at 27.  I’m currently crying on my floor with a busted knee.  I’m about to take an Uber to the hospital and demand a spinal tap.  I’m at my wits end fellow fibromites.
8zxvsm,181,190,ADR,tolerance,lyrica,lyrica,Prescribed benzos for years, lyrica for 8 months, can I have beer/few beers? I don't feel any effects from my benzo daily dose, same applies to my lyrica daily dose. So I have huge tolerance to those substances now.  Will it be safe to have beer or two in bar?
8zbs0w,816,838,ADR,respiratory depression,lyrica,lyrica,Respiratory depression I'm just being overly cautious maybe......but I think that's better than dying.   Took 2mg xanax yesterday. I skipped my daily 300mg Lyrica dosage yesterday since I knew id be on xanax.   Anyway I took 150mg Lyrica today 10 21 AM EST 24 hours after the first xanax dose and around 18 hours after the 2nd xanax dose from yesterday.   Needless to say the half lives may have passed but some xanax is still in my system. Now, I definitley feel the Lyrica is potentiated BUT its been an hour now and although my breathing is slower its HARDLY off normal. One more hour to go and Lyrica would be at its peak and then im in the clear!   Im not sleepy either, just a little bit sedated and slower than normal breathing but still hardly off normal. I also wrote this sentence while fearing going into respiratory depression.   I guess ill be good? Should I watch for IF i get really sleepy? Anyway 1 more hour left and lyrica will hit its peak.
8yw2w0,176,186,ADR,withdrawal,oxycodone,oxycodone,Lyrica, Valium for Withdrawal Hi,   I posted a few days ago about tapering down from my oxycodone script. I have that part figured out but I was curious about using Lyrica for withdrawal? I have been prescribed Lyrica but never took it on a regular basis and I heard it could be used to ease withdrawal from opiate? How would I use it and at what point would I start using it? I am coming down from 46mg oxycodone a day to currently at 30mg a day. Do I wait till the end of the tapering? I also have a few Valium. No access  to weed and can't afford Kratom. Your thoughts would be much appreciated, thank you!!
8yvm1g,114,121,ADR,anxiety,lyrica,lyrica,Pregabs and diaz Taken 600mg lyrica (first time) is it okay to take 5-10mg of diazepam as it has given me rly bad anxiety- i have a quite a tolerance to benzos.
8yvm1g,140,149,ADR,tolerance,lyrica,lyrica,Pregabs and diaz Taken 600mg lyrica (first time) is it okay to take 5-10mg of diazepam as it has given me rly bad anxiety- i have a quite a tolerance to benzos.
8yo6cz,908,916,ADR,euphoric,lyrica,lyrica,Acid, Alcohol, Lyrica and Key trip report Was going out yesterday with friends and wanted to take acid at the club, but I didn't want to get no sleep and the only sedative I had was Lyrica, which I had never tried recreationally, but I thought it might help, also couldn't get any benzos, as the people I know were all away. Found out it has a very long half life, and so I decided to take it before the acid  21:00- arrive at pub for pre-drinks with friends, take 150mg Lyrica, and drink 3 vodka lemonades   22:30- starting to feel the Lyrica and enjoy it, a sort of pleasant heavy body load and a calm state of mind, decide to take another 150mg Lyrica and 125ug acid. Drink another vodka lemonade   23:00- take final 75mg Lyrica pill   23:20- strong effects from the Lyrica now, standing up to go to the toilet the body load was a lot more noticeable, slightly heavy feeling, yet very smooth and slightly euphoric. Still very calm, though first acid effects are starting to appear, as I feel slightly higher energy, and very mild CEVs have started.    23:50- leave the pub to head into town. Standing around waiting for the bus, the euphoria increased rapidly, and began to feel much stronger than the physical euphoria from any acid dose by it self that I've tried (~80ug-~580ug), almost feels like a whole body orgasm approx every 30 seconds    00:30- in a club, drink a vodka slush, then a double jack and coke, body high still very strong, dancing was very physically euphoric, with everything I touch feeling wonderful, and rubbing my hands through my hair feeling sort of MDMA like but somehow smoother, with CEVs similar to my experience on 330ug of acid and ego dissolution similar to 330ug. Open eye visuals very disappointing, only mild tracers and enhanced colour, but the euphoria and CEVs more than made up for it. I feel high energy, but not wired like MDMA, or on edge like acid alone. I also had a very clear head, somewhat trippy headspace, but my thoughts were coming easily and fairly rationally, and I could express myself clearly, which I wouldn't expect if I had only been drunk and on the lyrica.   ~01:30- a girl in the club offers me ketamine, which I've never tried before, but heard it enhances acid visuals. Snort 2 keys of ket (unknown actual amount) and chat to the girl and her mates, then go back to dancing. Euphoric body load with even more insane CEVs, though still no OEVs. Body load increases To the point I can barely move, and moving round the club to different areas by stairs is difficult. Unknown time between 01:45 and 02:15: tell friends I need to sit down, then start to Khole. The world drifted away as I sat there doing nothing barely able to move and thinking about nothing. I felt very alone and, despite the Lyrica, anxious. Some time into the k-holing, we move outside, as I feel slightly better and can move, but am sweating heavily so I assume I'm too hot. It down in the smoking area and continue to hole until about 02:40, then feel nausea.   02:50- leave club with friends so they can eat and then go to share cabs home. All visuals and body high temporarily vanish, until somewhere around 03:20 where the CEVs and acid Lyrica body high resume. My state of mind went back to calm and peaceful after the very bleak K-Hole.   03:35- back home, go to bathroom then go to bed. Lying in bed, mild OEVs started to occur, probably in line with 80ug. Manage to sleep quite easily so Lyrica was a success.   Overall, I'd say that the acid Lyrica Alcohol combination worked very well, with great euphoria, a good amount of energy, very nice CEVs and trippy but happy head space. Introducing a large amount of ketamine into the mixture was a mistake, and has put me off trying ketamine again, though the negative experience may have been due to the combination. I had intended to stay till about 6am but after the ket I felt rather down and a few friends were leaving so I decided to go with them  I would give the body high for the acid Lyrica Alcohol a 9/10, similar to rolling on a lot of MDMA after a long break, and the headspace was 10/10, calm, happy and functional yet quite existential and somewhat dissociated which was a nice and unique headspace. Visuals were probably about a 6 or 7 out of ten as I love CEVs, but had very weak OEVs, so would probably disappoint people who love OEVs.  Reposted from earlier because I made some mistakes
8yo6cz,2871,2879,ADR,sweating,lyrica,lyrica,Acid, Alcohol, Lyrica and Key trip report Was going out yesterday with friends and wanted to take acid at the club, but I didn't want to get no sleep and the only sedative I had was Lyrica, which I had never tried recreationally, but I thought it might help, also couldn't get any benzos, as the people I know were all away. Found out it has a very long half life, and so I decided to take it before the acid  21:00- arrive at pub for pre-drinks with friends, take 150mg Lyrica, and drink 3 vodka lemonades   22:30- starting to feel the Lyrica and enjoy it, a sort of pleasant heavy body load and a calm state of mind, decide to take another 150mg Lyrica and 125ug acid. Drink another vodka lemonade   23:00- take final 75mg Lyrica pill   23:20- strong effects from the Lyrica now, standing up to go to the toilet the body load was a lot more noticeable, slightly heavy feeling, yet very smooth and slightly euphoric. Still very calm, though first acid effects are starting to appear, as I feel slightly higher energy, and very mild CEVs have started.    23:50- leave the pub to head into town. Standing around waiting for the bus, the euphoria increased rapidly, and began to feel much stronger than the physical euphoria from any acid dose by it self that I've tried (~80ug-~580ug), almost feels like a whole body orgasm approx every 30 seconds    00:30- in a club, drink a vodka slush, then a double jack and coke, body high still very strong, dancing was very physically euphoric, with everything I touch feeling wonderful, and rubbing my hands through my hair feeling sort of MDMA like but somehow smoother, with CEVs similar to my experience on 330ug of acid and ego dissolution similar to 330ug. Open eye visuals very disappointing, only mild tracers and enhanced colour, but the euphoria and CEVs more than made up for it. I feel high energy, but not wired like MDMA, or on edge like acid alone. I also had a very clear head, somewhat trippy headspace, but my thoughts were coming easily and fairly rationally, and I could express myself clearly, which I wouldn't expect if I had only been drunk and on the lyrica.   ~01:30- a girl in the club offers me ketamine, which I've never tried before, but heard it enhances acid visuals. Snort 2 keys of ket (unknown actual amount) and chat to the girl and her mates, then go back to dancing. Euphoric body load with even more insane CEVs, though still no OEVs. Body load increases To the point I can barely move, and moving round the club to different areas by stairs is difficult. Unknown time between 01:45 and 02:15: tell friends I need to sit down, then start to Khole. The world drifted away as I sat there doing nothing barely able to move and thinking about nothing. I felt very alone and, despite the Lyrica, anxious. Some time into the k-holing, we move outside, as I feel slightly better and can move, but am sweating heavily so I assume I'm too hot. It down in the smoking area and continue to hole until about 02:40, then feel nausea.   02:50- leave club with friends so they can eat and then go to share cabs home. All visuals and body high temporarily vanish, until somewhere around 03:20 where the CEVs and acid Lyrica body high resume. My state of mind went back to calm and peaceful after the very bleak K-Hole.   03:35- back home, go to bathroom then go to bed. Lying in bed, mild OEVs started to occur, probably in line with 80ug. Manage to sleep quite easily so Lyrica was a success.   Overall, I'd say that the acid Lyrica Alcohol combination worked very well, with great euphoria, a good amount of energy, very nice CEVs and trippy but happy head space. Introducing a large amount of ketamine into the mixture was a mistake, and has put me off trying ketamine again, though the negative experience may have been due to the combination. I had intended to stay till about 6am but after the ket I felt rather down and a few friends were leaving so I decided to go with them  I would give the body high for the acid Lyrica Alcohol a 9/10, similar to rolling on a lot of MDMA after a long break, and the headspace was 10/10, calm, happy and functional yet quite existential and somewhat dissociated which was a nice and unique headspace. Visuals were probably about a 6 or 7 out of ten as I love CEVs, but had very weak OEVs, so would probably disappoint people who love OEVs.  Reposted from earlier because I made some mistakes
8yo6cz,1033,1037,ADR,CEVs,lyrica,lyrica,Acid, Alcohol, Lyrica and Key trip report Was going out yesterday with friends and wanted to take acid at the club, but I didn't want to get no sleep and the only sedative I had was Lyrica, which I had never tried recreationally, but I thought it might help, also couldn't get any benzos, as the people I know were all away. Found out it has a very long half life, and so I decided to take it before the acid  21:00- arrive at pub for pre-drinks with friends, take 150mg Lyrica, and drink 3 vodka lemonades   22:30- starting to feel the Lyrica and enjoy it, a sort of pleasant heavy body load and a calm state of mind, decide to take another 150mg Lyrica and 125ug acid. Drink another vodka lemonade   23:00- take final 75mg Lyrica pill   23:20- strong effects from the Lyrica now, standing up to go to the toilet the body load was a lot more noticeable, slightly heavy feeling, yet very smooth and slightly euphoric. Still very calm, though first acid effects are starting to appear, as I feel slightly higher energy, and very mild CEVs have started.    23:50- leave the pub to head into town. Standing around waiting for the bus, the euphoria increased rapidly, and began to feel much stronger than the physical euphoria from any acid dose by it self that I've tried (~80ug-~580ug), almost feels like a whole body orgasm approx every 30 seconds    00:30- in a club, drink a vodka slush, then a double jack and coke, body high still very strong, dancing was very physically euphoric, with everything I touch feeling wonderful, and rubbing my hands through my hair feeling sort of MDMA like but somehow smoother, with CEVs similar to my experience on 330ug of acid and ego dissolution similar to 330ug. Open eye visuals very disappointing, only mild tracers and enhanced colour, but the euphoria and CEVs more than made up for it. I feel high energy, but not wired like MDMA, or on edge like acid alone. I also had a very clear head, somewhat trippy headspace, but my thoughts were coming easily and fairly rationally, and I could express myself clearly, which I wouldn't expect if I had only been drunk and on the lyrica.   ~01:30- a girl in the club offers me ketamine, which I've never tried before, but heard it enhances acid visuals. Snort 2 keys of ket (unknown actual amount) and chat to the girl and her mates, then go back to dancing. Euphoric body load with even more insane CEVs, though still no OEVs. Body load increases To the point I can barely move, and moving round the club to different areas by stairs is difficult. Unknown time between 01:45 and 02:15: tell friends I need to sit down, then start to Khole. The world drifted away as I sat there doing nothing barely able to move and thinking about nothing. I felt very alone and, despite the Lyrica, anxious. Some time into the k-holing, we move outside, as I feel slightly better and can move, but am sweating heavily so I assume I'm too hot. It down in the smoking area and continue to hole until about 02:40, then feel nausea.   02:50- leave club with friends so they can eat and then go to share cabs home. All visuals and body high temporarily vanish, until somewhere around 03:20 where the CEVs and acid Lyrica body high resume. My state of mind went back to calm and peaceful after the very bleak K-Hole.   03:35- back home, go to bathroom then go to bed. Lying in bed, mild OEVs started to occur, probably in line with 80ug. Manage to sleep quite easily so Lyrica was a success.   Overall, I'd say that the acid Lyrica Alcohol combination worked very well, with great euphoria, a good amount of energy, very nice CEVs and trippy but happy head space. Introducing a large amount of ketamine into the mixture was a mistake, and has put me off trying ketamine again, though the negative experience may have been due to the combination. I had intended to stay till about 6am but after the ket I felt rather down and a few friends were leaving so I decided to go with them  I would give the body high for the acid Lyrica Alcohol a 9/10, similar to rolling on a lot of MDMA after a long break, and the headspace was 10/10, calm, happy and functional yet quite existential and somewhat dissociated which was a nice and unique headspace. Visuals were probably about a 6 or 7 out of ten as I love CEVs, but had very weak OEVs, so would probably disappoint people who love OEVs.  Reposted from earlier because I made some mistakes
8yo6cz,1703,1719,ADR,Open eye visuals,lyrica,lyrica,Acid, Alcohol, Lyrica and Key trip report Was going out yesterday with friends and wanted to take acid at the club, but I didn't want to get no sleep and the only sedative I had was Lyrica, which I had never tried recreationally, but I thought it might help, also couldn't get any benzos, as the people I know were all away. Found out it has a very long half life, and so I decided to take it before the acid  21:00- arrive at pub for pre-drinks with friends, take 150mg Lyrica, and drink 3 vodka lemonades   22:30- starting to feel the Lyrica and enjoy it, a sort of pleasant heavy body load and a calm state of mind, decide to take another 150mg Lyrica and 125ug acid. Drink another vodka lemonade   23:00- take final 75mg Lyrica pill   23:20- strong effects from the Lyrica now, standing up to go to the toilet the body load was a lot more noticeable, slightly heavy feeling, yet very smooth and slightly euphoric. Still very calm, though first acid effects are starting to appear, as I feel slightly higher energy, and very mild CEVs have started.    23:50- leave the pub to head into town. Standing around waiting for the bus, the euphoria increased rapidly, and began to feel much stronger than the physical euphoria from any acid dose by it self that I've tried (~80ug-~580ug), almost feels like a whole body orgasm approx every 30 seconds    00:30- in a club, drink a vodka slush, then a double jack and coke, body high still very strong, dancing was very physically euphoric, with everything I touch feeling wonderful, and rubbing my hands through my hair feeling sort of MDMA like but somehow smoother, with CEVs similar to my experience on 330ug of acid and ego dissolution similar to 330ug. Open eye visuals very disappointing, only mild tracers and enhanced colour, but the euphoria and CEVs more than made up for it. I feel high energy, but not wired like MDMA, or on edge like acid alone. I also had a very clear head, somewhat trippy headspace, but my thoughts were coming easily and fairly rationally, and I could express myself clearly, which I wouldn't expect if I had only been drunk and on the lyrica.   ~01:30- a girl in the club offers me ketamine, which I've never tried before, but heard it enhances acid visuals. Snort 2 keys of ket (unknown actual amount) and chat to the girl and her mates, then go back to dancing. Euphoric body load with even more insane CEVs, though still no OEVs. Body load increases To the point I can barely move, and moving round the club to different areas by stairs is difficult. Unknown time between 01:45 and 02:15: tell friends I need to sit down, then start to Khole. The world drifted away as I sat there doing nothing barely able to move and thinking about nothing. I felt very alone and, despite the Lyrica, anxious. Some time into the k-holing, we move outside, as I feel slightly better and can move, but am sweating heavily so I assume I'm too hot. It down in the smoking area and continue to hole until about 02:40, then feel nausea.   02:50- leave club with friends so they can eat and then go to share cabs home. All visuals and body high temporarily vanish, until somewhere around 03:20 where the CEVs and acid Lyrica body high resume. My state of mind went back to calm and peaceful after the very bleak K-Hole.   03:35- back home, go to bathroom then go to bed. Lying in bed, mild OEVs started to occur, probably in line with 80ug. Manage to sleep quite easily so Lyrica was a success.   Overall, I'd say that the acid Lyrica Alcohol combination worked very well, with great euphoria, a good amount of energy, very nice CEVs and trippy but happy head space. Introducing a large amount of ketamine into the mixture was a mistake, and has put me off trying ketamine again, though the negative experience may have been due to the combination. I had intended to stay till about 6am but after the ket I felt rather down and a few friends were leaving so I decided to go with them  I would give the body high for the acid Lyrica Alcohol a 9/10, similar to rolling on a lot of MDMA after a long break, and the headspace was 10/10, calm, happy and functional yet quite existential and somewhat dissociated which was a nice and unique headspace. Visuals were probably about a 6 or 7 out of ten as I love CEVs, but had very weak OEVs, so would probably disappoint people who love OEVs.  Reposted from earlier because I made some mistakes
8yo6cz,2991,2997,ADR,nausea,lyrica,lyrica,Acid, Alcohol, Lyrica and Key trip report Was going out yesterday with friends and wanted to take acid at the club, but I didn't want to get no sleep and the only sedative I had was Lyrica, which I had never tried recreationally, but I thought it might help, also couldn't get any benzos, as the people I know were all away. Found out it has a very long half life, and so I decided to take it before the acid  21:00- arrive at pub for pre-drinks with friends, take 150mg Lyrica, and drink 3 vodka lemonades   22:30- starting to feel the Lyrica and enjoy it, a sort of pleasant heavy body load and a calm state of mind, decide to take another 150mg Lyrica and 125ug acid. Drink another vodka lemonade   23:00- take final 75mg Lyrica pill   23:20- strong effects from the Lyrica now, standing up to go to the toilet the body load was a lot more noticeable, slightly heavy feeling, yet very smooth and slightly euphoric. Still very calm, though first acid effects are starting to appear, as I feel slightly higher energy, and very mild CEVs have started.    23:50- leave the pub to head into town. Standing around waiting for the bus, the euphoria increased rapidly, and began to feel much stronger than the physical euphoria from any acid dose by it self that I've tried (~80ug-~580ug), almost feels like a whole body orgasm approx every 30 seconds    00:30- in a club, drink a vodka slush, then a double jack and coke, body high still very strong, dancing was very physically euphoric, with everything I touch feeling wonderful, and rubbing my hands through my hair feeling sort of MDMA like but somehow smoother, with CEVs similar to my experience on 330ug of acid and ego dissolution similar to 330ug. Open eye visuals very disappointing, only mild tracers and enhanced colour, but the euphoria and CEVs more than made up for it. I feel high energy, but not wired like MDMA, or on edge like acid alone. I also had a very clear head, somewhat trippy headspace, but my thoughts were coming easily and fairly rationally, and I could express myself clearly, which I wouldn't expect if I had only been drunk and on the lyrica.   ~01:30- a girl in the club offers me ketamine, which I've never tried before, but heard it enhances acid visuals. Snort 2 keys of ket (unknown actual amount) and chat to the girl and her mates, then go back to dancing. Euphoric body load with even more insane CEVs, though still no OEVs. Body load increases To the point I can barely move, and moving round the club to different areas by stairs is difficult. Unknown time between 01:45 and 02:15: tell friends I need to sit down, then start to Khole. The world drifted away as I sat there doing nothing barely able to move and thinking about nothing. I felt very alone and, despite the Lyrica, anxious. Some time into the k-holing, we move outside, as I feel slightly better and can move, but am sweating heavily so I assume I'm too hot. It down in the smoking area and continue to hole until about 02:40, then feel nausea.   02:50- leave club with friends so they can eat and then go to share cabs home. All visuals and body high temporarily vanish, until somewhere around 03:20 where the CEVs and acid Lyrica body high resume. My state of mind went back to calm and peaceful after the very bleak K-Hole.   03:35- back home, go to bathroom then go to bed. Lying in bed, mild OEVs started to occur, probably in line with 80ug. Manage to sleep quite easily so Lyrica was a success.   Overall, I'd say that the acid Lyrica Alcohol combination worked very well, with great euphoria, a good amount of energy, very nice CEVs and trippy but happy head space. Introducing a large amount of ketamine into the mixture was a mistake, and has put me off trying ketamine again, though the negative experience may have been due to the combination. I had intended to stay till about 6am but after the ket I felt rather down and a few friends were leaving so I decided to go with them  I would give the body high for the acid Lyrica Alcohol a 9/10, similar to rolling on a lot of MDMA after a long break, and the headspace was 10/10, calm, happy and functional yet quite existential and somewhat dissociated which was a nice and unique headspace. Visuals were probably about a 6 or 7 out of ten as I love CEVs, but had very weak OEVs, so would probably disappoint people who love OEVs.  Reposted from earlier because I made some mistakes
8ynodi,259,268,ADR,tolerance,lyrica,lyrica,just took 1/4 gram of pure MDMA? A bit of context:  I got it today it from a friend who’s also a dealer, and who knows her shit. She took some from the same batch (about an eighth of a gram, so half of what I’ve just taken) and says it’s nice and strong. Her tolerance is apparently so high now that she’s gonna stop taking Mandy for a while, but this stuff worked well for her.  I managed to get a gram (actually about 9.8) for £30. I split it into 4 empty paracetamol capsules because I’m a simpleton who can’t make bombs for shit. My partner and I each took one and saved one each for another day.  I’m on a lot of other medication: venlafaxine, propranolol, mirtazapene and co-codamol for suspected fibromyalgia- all on prescription. I also gummed the little bit of residue from the baggie and the scales.  My partner took the same dose (minus the residue) and he’s on antipsychotics (risperidone) along with venlafaxine and lyrica.  I *think* I’ve had something close to this dose before and it was good. I can’t be completely sure of the dose because someone had already made it into bombs before I got it (kinda dumb for me to take random bombs, I know).   I talked for about 12 hours straight about my life and memories and shit, and wrote a 2,000 word essay about my mental health and why I am the way I am.  Deep shit, basically. It was a great, long-lasting roll.  However, my comedown was awful. I saw weird patterns on surfaces, and half-formed shadow people out of the corners of my eyes. I also cried and was really achy (especially my joints and jaw) for a couple of days afterwards. I also did cartwheels and round-offs while rolling, which made the aches (mainly in my legs, feet and back) worse. I also have mysterious chronic pain (my doctor still doesn’t know what’s wrong with me) which did not like the gymnastics I did the day before.  Is a bad comedown the only negative side-effect that my partner and I are  probably gonna get? His comedowns are usually a bit better than mine but he also had 3 beers just before taking it (2.5 units each)  I’ve tried to give as much info as possible so hopefully someone can give me accurate advice.  As for my physical stats, I’m 20, almost 5’8 and 88kg.   I’m female-to-male transgender, but not  yet on testosterone. Obviously I’m still *technically* biologically female and always will be; I put in this bit about my biological sex because I don’t know if it plays a role in how my body will react to the drug.  I apologise for the long-winded post; I began to feel it starting to hit shortly after I began typing. So far the roll is great- I’m sitting outside in the summer evening air and having a few cigarettes. I know it’s still early days and that there’s always a possibility that the roll will turn sour later. I started a timer when I swallowed the capsule and so far it’s been 48 minutes, making it about 8:50pm local time (England) when I took it.  TLDR; took about 1/4 gram of pure MDMA- will I be OK?
8ynodi,1738,1750,ADR,chronic pain,lyrica,lyrica,just took 1/4 gram of pure MDMA? A bit of context:  I got it today it from a friend who’s also a dealer, and who knows her shit. She took some from the same batch (about an eighth of a gram, so half of what I’ve just taken) and says it’s nice and strong. Her tolerance is apparently so high now that she’s gonna stop taking Mandy for a while, but this stuff worked well for her.  I managed to get a gram (actually about 9.8) for £30. I split it into 4 empty paracetamol capsules because I’m a simpleton who can’t make bombs for shit. My partner and I each took one and saved one each for another day.  I’m on a lot of other medication: venlafaxine, propranolol, mirtazapene and co-codamol for suspected fibromyalgia- all on prescription. I also gummed the little bit of residue from the baggie and the scales.  My partner took the same dose (minus the residue) and he’s on antipsychotics (risperidone) along with venlafaxine and lyrica.  I *think* I’ve had something close to this dose before and it was good. I can’t be completely sure of the dose because someone had already made it into bombs before I got it (kinda dumb for me to take random bombs, I know).   I talked for about 12 hours straight about my life and memories and shit, and wrote a 2,000 word essay about my mental health and why I am the way I am.  Deep shit, basically. It was a great, long-lasting roll.  However, my comedown was awful. I saw weird patterns on surfaces, and half-formed shadow people out of the corners of my eyes. I also cried and was really achy (especially my joints and jaw) for a couple of days afterwards. I also did cartwheels and round-offs while rolling, which made the aches (mainly in my legs, feet and back) worse. I also have mysterious chronic pain (my doctor still doesn’t know what’s wrong with me) which did not like the gymnastics I did the day before.  Is a bad comedown the only negative side-effect that my partner and I are  probably gonna get? His comedowns are usually a bit better than mine but he also had 3 beers just before taking it (2.5 units each)  I’ve tried to give as much info as possible so hopefully someone can give me accurate advice.  As for my physical stats, I’m 20, almost 5’8 and 88kg.   I’m female-to-male transgender, but not  yet on testosterone. Obviously I’m still *technically* biologically female and always will be; I put in this bit about my biological sex because I don’t know if it plays a role in how my body will react to the drug.  I apologise for the long-winded post; I began to feel it starting to hit shortly after I began typing. So far the roll is great- I’m sitting outside in the summer evening air and having a few cigarettes. I know it’s still early days and that there’s always a possibility that the roll will turn sour later. I started a timer when I swallowed the capsule and so far it’s been 48 minutes, making it about 8:50pm local time (England) when I took it.  TLDR; took about 1/4 gram of pure MDMA- will I be OK?
8ygy77,480,488,ADR,allergic,lyrica,lyrica,"you should take comfort in knowing its fibro" I'm so tired and frustrated, in addition to the common fibro issues I also sublux and dislocate joints, my doctor is 100% it isn't eds. I just want to know what's wrong with me so I can get better. Knowing that it's just fibro isn't an answer, none of the treatments help. I exercise and it does nothing, I go to physical therapy and the therapist thinks I have eds in addition to the fibro. I've tried Lyrica and gabapentin but I'm allergic to both, im just so frustrated about all this. I'm in too much physically pain and fatigue to work, being chronically ill is a full time job since I have to keep fighting and advocating for myself at every new turn. I just want to know what's wrong with me and how I can fix it or at least alleviate it.
8ygevb,450,455,ADR,drunk,lyrica,lyrica,Lyrica put me on the clouds(under rated drug??) I have tried most drugs, excluding crack and some RC's. Opiates have been my vice my whole life pretty much, I've been majorly addicted and actually just got off my oxycodone a week ago(yay!). I asked my doctor for lyrica because I have nerve pain and I read it helps with opiate WD's. I took like 6 or 7 50mg lyrica. This is the most fucked up I've been in forever. The high from lyrica is like being drunk with a combo of something like MDMA or something with a large body load... Shit this high is almost better than opiates. I feel like i'm floating, I can barely even type.   Has any one else used this drug in high doses? I've read up and tolerance seems to build fast so I think I wont abuse it frequently. But damn I feel pretty fly right now ;) Hopefully I don't fall down the fucking stairs
8ygevb,419,423,ADR,high,lyrica,lyrica,Lyrica put me on the clouds(under rated drug??) I have tried most drugs, excluding crack and some RC's. Opiates have been my vice my whole life pretty much, I've been majorly addicted and actually just got off my oxycodone a week ago(yay!). I asked my doctor for lyrica because I have nerve pain and I read it helps with opiate WD's. I took like 6 or 7 50mg lyrica. This is the most fucked up I've been in forever. The high from lyrica is like being drunk with a combo of something like MDMA or something with a large body load... Shit this high is almost better than opiates. I feel like i'm floating, I can barely even type.   Has any one else used this drug in high doses? I've read up and tolerance seems to build fast so I think I wont abuse it frequently. But damn I feel pretty fly right now ;) Hopefully I don't fall down the fucking stairs
8ygevb,693,702,ADR,tolerance,lyrica,lyrica,Lyrica put me on the clouds(under rated drug??) I have tried most drugs, excluding crack and some RC's. Opiates have been my vice my whole life pretty much, I've been majorly addicted and actually just got off my oxycodone a week ago(yay!). I asked my doctor for lyrica because I have nerve pain and I read it helps with opiate WD's. I took like 6 or 7 50mg lyrica. This is the most fucked up I've been in forever. The high from lyrica is like being drunk with a combo of something like MDMA or something with a large body load... Shit this high is almost better than opiates. I feel like i'm floating, I can barely even type.   Has any one else used this drug in high doses? I've read up and tolerance seems to build fast so I think I wont abuse it frequently. But damn I feel pretty fly right now ;) Hopefully I don't fall down the fucking stairs
8ybddf,425,434,ADR,fucked up,lyrica,lyrica,Lyrica high is super long? I took some Lyrica (Pregablin) for the first time yesterday, and I've been high for a really long time now.  I took 400mg at 10:30PM last night, and it started to really kick in around midnight after I had a meal. I stayed up until around 3:00AM enjoying the high and then I went to sleep. I slept pretty well, but I got woken up around 9:30AM and I was amazed to find that I still felt completely fucked up. I would compare the feeling to being substantially drunk.   Luckily, I had nothing to do this morning so I just rode it out. However, it is now 12:30PM and I am still high. What. The. Fuck. The high isn't as intense as it was when I first woke up, but I still feel pretty drunk.   I read that Lyrica is supposed to last 3-4 hours. If that's the case, why have I been high for almost 12 hours now?
8yb2w9,470,480,ADR,depression,lyrica,lyrica,Lyrica &amp; Side Effects Hi everyone. I've been dealing with Fibromyalgia for...technically 10 years now, but less if you count when I was diagnosed. I've tried a lot of things -- mostly trying to stay away from medication if I could -- but I've been running out of options.   I've finally started Lyrica -- which was the first thing someone suggested 5+ years ago. It's been a few months now. I started on 75mg 2x a day -- and felt nothing whatsoever. Maybe worsening depression? But it was hard to tell. My doctor upped it now to 150mg 2x a day and I think I've been feeling side effects strongly. My anxiety seems to be in overload. Has anyone had their anxiety get significantly worse being on Lyrica? I'm also not feeling any positive side effects -- the pain is not any better &amp; might even be worse. I'm going to talk to my doctor before my prescription is up for renewal to see if I should discontinue it. But really my question is just about if anyone else has had worsening anxiety with Lyrica.   Thanks, and I hope everyone has a bearable day.
8yb2w9,604,611,ADR,anxiety,lyrica,lyrica,Lyrica &amp; Side Effects Hi everyone. I've been dealing with Fibromyalgia for...technically 10 years now, but less if you count when I was diagnosed. I've tried a lot of things -- mostly trying to stay away from medication if I could -- but I've been running out of options.   I've finally started Lyrica -- which was the first thing someone suggested 5+ years ago. It's been a few months now. I started on 75mg 2x a day -- and felt nothing whatsoever. Maybe worsening depression? But it was hard to tell. My doctor upped it now to 150mg 2x a day and I think I've been feeling side effects strongly. My anxiety seems to be in overload. Has anyone had their anxiety get significantly worse being on Lyrica? I'm also not feeling any positive side effects -- the pain is not any better &amp; might even be worse. I'm going to talk to my doctor before my prescription is up for renewal to see if I should discontinue it. But really my question is just about if anyone else has had worsening anxiety with Lyrica.   Thanks, and I hope everyone has a bearable day.
8ydjhq,25,30,ADR,fever,eliquis,eliquis,PE and ongoing low grade fever? My PE happened on 6/28 and I’ve been on Eliquis. On Monday night (7/10) I developed a fever of 100.4 and no other symptoms. It’s now Thursday and I still have it with no other symptoms. I know PEs can cause low grade fevers the day they happen, but could this still be related to the PE? My doctor knows I have the fever and seems unconcerned and suggested a virus. I suppose it could be, but I rarely if ever get sick. If I take a Tylenol, I feel fine. If it wears off the fever returns and my joints get achy and I get chills. Did you have a fever this long after your PE?
8y2g1z,13,21,ADR,headache,eliquis,eliquis,Anyone get a headache after stopping Eliquis? I've been on Eliquis for 7 months and I'm switching to aspirin. I stepped off it just to avoid any possibility of a rebound effect (lowered my dose to 2.5 a day for a week). I got a headache for the first day of stepping down. Now I've had a foggy/tense feeling headache from it being my first day not taking it. Feels hard to concentrate.  Anyone else get that? Or even from stopping on a different blood thinner?
8y2g1z,162,176,ADR,rebound effect,eliquis,eliquis,Anyone get a headache after stopping Eliquis? I've been on Eliquis for 7 months and I'm switching to aspirin. I stepped off it just to avoid any possibility of a rebound effect (lowered my dose to 2.5 a day for a week). I got a headache for the first day of stepping down. Now I've had a foggy/tense feeling headache from it being my first day not taking it. Feels hard to concentrate.  Anyone else get that? Or even from stopping on a different blood thinner?
8y2g1z,365,384,ADR,hard to concentrate,eliquis,eliquis,Anyone get a headache after stopping Eliquis? I've been on Eliquis for 7 months and I'm switching to aspirin. I stepped off it just to avoid any possibility of a rebound effect (lowered my dose to 2.5 a day for a week). I got a headache for the first day of stepping down. Now I've had a foggy/tense feeling headache from it being my first day not taking it. Feels hard to concentrate.  Anyone else get that? Or even from stopping on a different blood thinner?
8y2g1z,294,316,ADR,tense feeling headache,eliquis,eliquis,Anyone get a headache after stopping Eliquis? I've been on Eliquis for 7 months and I'm switching to aspirin. I stepped off it just to avoid any possibility of a rebound effect (lowered my dose to 2.5 a day for a week). I got a headache for the first day of stepping down. Now I've had a foggy/tense feeling headache from it being my first day not taking it. Feels hard to concentrate.  Anyone else get that? Or even from stopping on a different blood thinner?
8zilzd,398,413,ADR,heat exhaustion,depo-provera,depo-provera,Fluctuating Temperature I’m a 21 year old middle eastern and Caucasian mix female. I am 5’4” and 98lbs, I’m also very active and play competitive sport. I am currently on depo-provera, Zoloft, ventolin, Flovent, and nexium. I have epilepsy, GERD, and other stomach issues were trying to understand.   Recently it’s been really hot where I live. I went camping this past weekend and I ended up with heat exhaustion. Every time I go outside, even if it’s for 5 minutes, I become unbearable hot and sweaty. I checked my temperature and usually I’m around 34.5-35.0 Celsius, but after being outside for any period of time I go up to 37-38 Celsius. I live in Ontario, Canada, and we are in the middle of a heat wave. None of my medication dosages have changed and I’ve never really had this problem before (to be fair I avoided being out in the heat as much as possible till this point). I also get extremely nauseous, dizzy, and I experience palpitations. Is this normal?
8zilzd,496,502,ADR,sweaty,depo-provera,depo-provera,Fluctuating Temperature I’m a 21 year old middle eastern and Caucasian mix female. I am 5’4” and 98lbs, I’m also very active and play competitive sport. I am currently on depo-provera, Zoloft, ventolin, Flovent, and nexium. I have epilepsy, GERD, and other stomach issues were trying to understand.   Recently it’s been really hot where I live. I went camping this past weekend and I ended up with heat exhaustion. Every time I go outside, even if it’s for 5 minutes, I become unbearable hot and sweaty. I checked my temperature and usually I’m around 34.5-35.0 Celsius, but after being outside for any period of time I go up to 37-38 Celsius. I live in Ontario, Canada, and we are in the middle of a heat wave. None of my medication dosages have changed and I’ve never really had this problem before (to be fair I avoided being out in the heat as much as possible till this point). I also get extremely nauseous, dizzy, and I experience palpitations. Is this normal?
8zilzd,904,912,ADR,nauseous,depo-provera,depo-provera,Fluctuating Temperature I’m a 21 year old middle eastern and Caucasian mix female. I am 5’4” and 98lbs, I’m also very active and play competitive sport. I am currently on depo-provera, Zoloft, ventolin, Flovent, and nexium. I have epilepsy, GERD, and other stomach issues were trying to understand.   Recently it’s been really hot where I live. I went camping this past weekend and I ended up with heat exhaustion. Every time I go outside, even if it’s for 5 minutes, I become unbearable hot and sweaty. I checked my temperature and usually I’m around 34.5-35.0 Celsius, but after being outside for any period of time I go up to 37-38 Celsius. I live in Ontario, Canada, and we are in the middle of a heat wave. None of my medication dosages have changed and I’ve never really had this problem before (to be fair I avoided being out in the heat as much as possible till this point). I also get extremely nauseous, dizzy, and I experience palpitations. Is this normal?
8zilzd,914,919,ADR,dizzy,depo-provera,depo-provera,Fluctuating Temperature I’m a 21 year old middle eastern and Caucasian mix female. I am 5’4” and 98lbs, I’m also very active and play competitive sport. I am currently on depo-provera, Zoloft, ventolin, Flovent, and nexium. I have epilepsy, GERD, and other stomach issues were trying to understand.   Recently it’s been really hot where I live. I went camping this past weekend and I ended up with heat exhaustion. Every time I go outside, even if it’s for 5 minutes, I become unbearable hot and sweaty. I checked my temperature and usually I’m around 34.5-35.0 Celsius, but after being outside for any period of time I go up to 37-38 Celsius. I live in Ontario, Canada, and we are in the middle of a heat wave. None of my medication dosages have changed and I’ve never really had this problem before (to be fair I avoided being out in the heat as much as possible till this point). I also get extremely nauseous, dizzy, and I experience palpitations. Is this normal?
8zilzd,938,951,ADR,palpitations.,depo-provera,depo-provera,Fluctuating Temperature I’m a 21 year old middle eastern and Caucasian mix female. I am 5’4” and 98lbs, I’m also very active and play competitive sport. I am currently on depo-provera, Zoloft, ventolin, Flovent, and nexium. I have epilepsy, GERD, and other stomach issues were trying to understand.   Recently it’s been really hot where I live. I went camping this past weekend and I ended up with heat exhaustion. Every time I go outside, even if it’s for 5 minutes, I become unbearable hot and sweaty. I checked my temperature and usually I’m around 34.5-35.0 Celsius, but after being outside for any period of time I go up to 37-38 Celsius. I live in Ontario, Canada, and we are in the middle of a heat wave. None of my medication dosages have changed and I’ve never really had this problem before (to be fair I avoided being out in the heat as much as possible till this point). I also get extremely nauseous, dizzy, and I experience palpitations. Is this normal?
8z9w1v,554,571,ADR,burning sensation,nexium,nexium,3x 650mg Betaine HCL - bad idea, Burning 32M, Caucasian, 5'7" 143lbs  Hindsight being 20/20...  I've had basically 24/7 GERD for a month and I couldn't figure out the cause, or why several antacids (40mg Nexium, 300mg Zantac) were not helping that much, so I decided to take the diagnosis into my own hands and try Betaine HCL  (with pepsin) tablets. I took 2-3 pills with some fish and hot dogs to see if this would improve my symptoms or make them worse. Figured I would be fine since I was taking a lot of antacids.  Well, certainly things got worse, burning sensation at the base of the esophagus, more bloating,  despite lots of Gaviscon tablets and baking soda to try to counter-act the reaction after 20 minutes. Pain is 2x as bad as normal, followed by some liquid bowel movements shortly thereafter.  It's 3 hours later and I'm still feeling the effects :( I guess this proves definitively that I don't have "low" stomach acid, despite being on powerful acid suppressing drugs for  month.       Q1. for right now, Should I keep popping gaviscon in excess of the 12/day max or try something else.  Q2. Is it worth going to ER for some kind of acute powerful antacid treatment? Pain is at a 6/10 level right now
8z9w1v,607,615,ADR,bloating,nexium,nexium,3x 650mg Betaine HCL - bad idea, Burning 32M, Caucasian, 5'7" 143lbs  Hindsight being 20/20...  I've had basically 24/7 GERD for a month and I couldn't figure out the cause, or why several antacids (40mg Nexium, 300mg Zantac) were not helping that much, so I decided to take the diagnosis into my own hands and try Betaine HCL  (with pepsin) tablets. I took 2-3 pills with some fish and hot dogs to see if this would improve my symptoms or make them worse. Figured I would be fine since I was taking a lot of antacids.  Well, certainly things got worse, burning sensation at the base of the esophagus, more bloating,  despite lots of Gaviscon tablets and baking soda to try to counter-act the reaction after 20 minutes. Pain is 2x as bad as normal, followed by some liquid bowel movements shortly thereafter.  It's 3 hours later and I'm still feeling the effects :( I guess this proves definitively that I don't have "low" stomach acid, despite being on powerful acid suppressing drugs for  month.       Q1. for right now, Should I keep popping gaviscon in excess of the 12/day max or try something else.  Q2. Is it worth going to ER for some kind of acute powerful antacid treatment? Pain is at a 6/10 level right now
8z74ui,723,731,ADR,diarrhea,nexium,nexium,Pretty sure coconut milk is trying to kill me Always on the weekend I swear!  Since yesterday I haven’t been feeling too good but was going to the bathroom fine. My ibs has been under control and I’m finally starting to lose weight from not being so constipated. However, today I drank  a pink drink from Starbucks (coconut milk and a refresher) and a few hours later my stomach was wreaking havoc on my body. I was at a friends when it started and when I decided to leave I threw up all over my car (tried to pull over) and had water for poop as soon as I got home. I now have extremely nasty sulfur burps on top of it all. I took my nexium and Zofran but my stomach still is very upset. What helps this? I am not used to diarrhea at all! Does coconut milk upset any of your stomachs?
8ypoci,975,985,ADR,heart burn,nexium,nexium,Help Sorting Out Symptons Hello all,  I'm new to the board. Sorry if I miss posting guidelines.   I have been researching quite a bit on gerd, non acidic reflux, and LPR. I have some ideas but don't really know what to do.   Background info: I have had asthma all my life, currently 24 years old. I started developing cronic coughing and weezing February of 2016 after having a pretty bad cold. I'm allergic to mold. I went to my doctor a few times and at first a was given Prednisone for two weeks. That didn't work and then I was on antibiotics for 2 months or so. No improvement. I was soon given nexium and then my doctor changed me to zantac and then finally famotadine. This all went down in 2016 and a little bit of 2017.  Medications I currently take: Advair, Famotadine, Flonase, and azelastine on daily basis.   The problem with all of the whole acid reflux is I do not feel anything. Only every once in a while I feel a full feeling in my throat. I have never had heart burn or been in any pain. I clear my throat a lot and occasionally have a strange voice change. (Sounds like I'm talking from the back of my throat).   I eat all organic, only eat meat twice a week or if we make large meals, every other week. I drink one to two cups of coffee every morning and drink a little alcohol once a week or so. I eat Sriracha on my eggs but again I never feel the acid or any pain. I don't eat white bread or enriched wheat flour products. Overall I eat fairly healthy.  I also sleep with a wedge pillow but I believe I have sleep apnea due to snoring so much.   Symptoms: Coughing and weezing with thick white phlegm. Sometimes a fullbess feeling in my throat. Voice change occasionally. Constant throat clearing.   What makes this all so tricky is the fact that my  asthma doctor believes I have post nasal drip and acid reflux issues.   Another tricky thing to throw in the mix...I am a band director/professional trumpet player. If you have played trumpet you understand the amount of air and high resistance it takes to play proficiently. This puts pressure on my stomach when engaging my core and taking full breaths. I can't play tuba or flute well because of the weezing that comes with the heavy breathing. I can't teach breathing exercises without coughing and weezing. Very embarrassing in front of my students.  Things I'm currently trying: Drinking apple cider vinegar with mother's. I'm about to take some enzymes suggested by my friend who is extremely knowledgeable in supplements and was an EMT.   Sorry this isn't very organized. It's a call for help and a rant due to frustration. It's annoying that I have to clear my throat so much. It's very annoying that I have to cough up so much mucus. It sucks when I start weezing during sex with my wife. Help would be appreciated.   Thank you!
8ypoci,856,867,ADR,acid reflux,nexium,nexium,Help Sorting Out Symptons Hello all,  I'm new to the board. Sorry if I miss posting guidelines.   I have been researching quite a bit on gerd, non acidic reflux, and LPR. I have some ideas but don't really know what to do.   Background info: I have had asthma all my life, currently 24 years old. I started developing cronic coughing and weezing February of 2016 after having a pretty bad cold. I'm allergic to mold. I went to my doctor a few times and at first a was given Prednisone for two weeks. That didn't work and then I was on antibiotics for 2 months or so. No improvement. I was soon given nexium and then my doctor changed me to zantac and then finally famotadine. This all went down in 2016 and a little bit of 2017.  Medications I currently take: Advair, Famotadine, Flonase, and azelastine on daily basis.   The problem with all of the whole acid reflux is I do not feel anything. Only every once in a while I feel a full feeling in my throat. I have never had heart burn or been in any pain. I clear my throat a lot and occasionally have a strange voice change. (Sounds like I'm talking from the back of my throat).   I eat all organic, only eat meat twice a week or if we make large meals, every other week. I drink one to two cups of coffee every morning and drink a little alcohol once a week or so. I eat Sriracha on my eggs but again I never feel the acid or any pain. I don't eat white bread or enriched wheat flour products. Overall I eat fairly healthy.  I also sleep with a wedge pillow but I believe I have sleep apnea due to snoring so much.   Symptoms: Coughing and weezing with thick white phlegm. Sometimes a fullbess feeling in my throat. Voice change occasionally. Constant throat clearing.   What makes this all so tricky is the fact that my  asthma doctor believes I have post nasal drip and acid reflux issues.   Another tricky thing to throw in the mix...I am a band director/professional trumpet player. If you have played trumpet you understand the amount of air and high resistance it takes to play proficiently. This puts pressure on my stomach when engaging my core and taking full breaths. I can't play tuba or flute well because of the weezing that comes with the heavy breathing. I can't teach breathing exercises without coughing and weezing. Very embarrassing in front of my students.  Things I'm currently trying: Drinking apple cider vinegar with mother's. I'm about to take some enzymes suggested by my friend who is extremely knowledgeable in supplements and was an EMT.   Sorry this isn't very organized. It's a call for help and a rant due to frustration. It's annoying that I have to clear my throat so much. It's very annoying that I have to cough up so much mucus. It sucks when I start weezing during sex with my wife. Help would be appreciated.   Thank you!
8ypoci,325,333,ADR,coughing,nexium,nexium,Help Sorting Out Symptons Hello all,  I'm new to the board. Sorry if I miss posting guidelines.   I have been researching quite a bit on gerd, non acidic reflux, and LPR. I have some ideas but don't really know what to do.   Background info: I have had asthma all my life, currently 24 years old. I started developing cronic coughing and weezing February of 2016 after having a pretty bad cold. I'm allergic to mold. I went to my doctor a few times and at first a was given Prednisone for two weeks. That didn't work and then I was on antibiotics for 2 months or so. No improvement. I was soon given nexium and then my doctor changed me to zantac and then finally famotadine. This all went down in 2016 and a little bit of 2017.  Medications I currently take: Advair, Famotadine, Flonase, and azelastine on daily basis.   The problem with all of the whole acid reflux is I do not feel anything. Only every once in a while I feel a full feeling in my throat. I have never had heart burn or been in any pain. I clear my throat a lot and occasionally have a strange voice change. (Sounds like I'm talking from the back of my throat).   I eat all organic, only eat meat twice a week or if we make large meals, every other week. I drink one to two cups of coffee every morning and drink a little alcohol once a week or so. I eat Sriracha on my eggs but again I never feel the acid or any pain. I don't eat white bread or enriched wheat flour products. Overall I eat fairly healthy.  I also sleep with a wedge pillow but I believe I have sleep apnea due to snoring so much.   Symptoms: Coughing and weezing with thick white phlegm. Sometimes a fullbess feeling in my throat. Voice change occasionally. Constant throat clearing.   What makes this all so tricky is the fact that my  asthma doctor believes I have post nasal drip and acid reflux issues.   Another tricky thing to throw in the mix...I am a band director/professional trumpet player. If you have played trumpet you understand the amount of air and high resistance it takes to play proficiently. This puts pressure on my stomach when engaging my core and taking full breaths. I can't play tuba or flute well because of the weezing that comes with the heavy breathing. I can't teach breathing exercises without coughing and weezing. Very embarrassing in front of my students.  Things I'm currently trying: Drinking apple cider vinegar with mother's. I'm about to take some enzymes suggested by my friend who is extremely knowledgeable in supplements and was an EMT.   Sorry this isn't very organized. It's a call for help and a rant due to frustration. It's annoying that I have to clear my throat so much. It's very annoying that I have to cough up so much mucus. It sucks when I start weezing during sex with my wife. Help would be appreciated.   Thank you!
8ypoci,338,345,ADR,weezing,nexium,nexium,Help Sorting Out Symptons Hello all,  I'm new to the board. Sorry if I miss posting guidelines.   I have been researching quite a bit on gerd, non acidic reflux, and LPR. I have some ideas but don't really know what to do.   Background info: I have had asthma all my life, currently 24 years old. I started developing cronic coughing and weezing February of 2016 after having a pretty bad cold. I'm allergic to mold. I went to my doctor a few times and at first a was given Prednisone for two weeks. That didn't work and then I was on antibiotics for 2 months or so. No improvement. I was soon given nexium and then my doctor changed me to zantac and then finally famotadine. This all went down in 2016 and a little bit of 2017.  Medications I currently take: Advair, Famotadine, Flonase, and azelastine on daily basis.   The problem with all of the whole acid reflux is I do not feel anything. Only every once in a while I feel a full feeling in my throat. I have never had heart burn or been in any pain. I clear my throat a lot and occasionally have a strange voice change. (Sounds like I'm talking from the back of my throat).   I eat all organic, only eat meat twice a week or if we make large meals, every other week. I drink one to two cups of coffee every morning and drink a little alcohol once a week or so. I eat Sriracha on my eggs but again I never feel the acid or any pain. I don't eat white bread or enriched wheat flour products. Overall I eat fairly healthy.  I also sleep with a wedge pillow but I believe I have sleep apnea due to snoring so much.   Symptoms: Coughing and weezing with thick white phlegm. Sometimes a fullbess feeling in my throat. Voice change occasionally. Constant throat clearing.   What makes this all so tricky is the fact that my  asthma doctor believes I have post nasal drip and acid reflux issues.   Another tricky thing to throw in the mix...I am a band director/professional trumpet player. If you have played trumpet you understand the amount of air and high resistance it takes to play proficiently. This puts pressure on my stomach when engaging my core and taking full breaths. I can't play tuba or flute well because of the weezing that comes with the heavy breathing. I can't teach breathing exercises without coughing and weezing. Very embarrassing in front of my students.  Things I'm currently trying: Drinking apple cider vinegar with mother's. I'm about to take some enzymes suggested by my friend who is extremely knowledgeable in supplements and was an EMT.   Sorry this isn't very organized. It's a call for help and a rant due to frustration. It's annoying that I have to clear my throat so much. It's very annoying that I have to cough up so much mucus. It sucks when I start weezing during sex with my wife. Help would be appreciated.   Thank you!
8ynt89,273,290,ADR,burning sensation,naproxen,naproxen,How can I be sure I don’t have a hole in my stomach? I’m 24M and 250 lbs. I take naproxen 500mg for lower back pain. I don’t take it everyday, just as needed. I take a Nexium at the same time on days where I do need to take naproxen. The last couple of days, I’ve had some burning sensation in my stomach and a general sickly feeling. I feel like I’m hot all the time and just generally uncomfortable.   I know naproxen is bad for the GI tract. I’m always worried about burning a hole in my stomach and causing a medical emergency. Anyway to know without going to the doctor?
8ynt89,387,400,ADR,uncomfortable,naproxen,naproxen,How can I be sure I don’t have a hole in my stomach? I’m 24M and 250 lbs. I take naproxen 500mg for lower back pain. I don’t take it everyday, just as needed. I take a Nexium at the same time on days where I do need to take naproxen. The last couple of days, I’ve had some burning sensation in my stomach and a general sickly feeling. I feel like I’m hot all the time and just generally uncomfortable.   I know naproxen is bad for the GI tract. I’m always worried about burning a hole in my stomach and causing a medical emergency. Anyway to know without going to the doctor?
8ynt89,33,51,ADR,hole in my stomach,naproxen,naproxen,How can I be sure I don’t have a hole in my stomach? I’m 24M and 250 lbs. I take naproxen 500mg for lower back pain. I don’t take it everyday, just as needed. I take a Nexium at the same time on days where I do need to take naproxen. The last couple of days, I’ve had some burning sensation in my stomach and a general sickly feeling. I feel like I’m hot all the time and just generally uncomfortable.   I know naproxen is bad for the GI tract. I’m always worried about burning a hole in my stomach and causing a medical emergency. Anyway to know without going to the doctor?
8yjbcd,477,495,ADR,pulsating headache,Propanolol,Propanolol,Should I go to the ER? I’m female weighing 185 pounds. I take multiple medications a day.   Propanolol 30 mg twice a day Bupropion 150 mg twice a day Oxcarbazepine 600 twice a day Levothytoxine 50 mg once a day Hydroxyzine 50 mg only when needed  Ear infection started recently so I take ofloxacin  I am 19 and 5’5”.   I have never had a migraine before and I’ve had one for a week. When I’m on pain medication, it’s fine a easy to work however, when I’m not on it I have this pulsating headache and I have episodes of the migraine that I have to stop moving and I have to lean onto something so I don’t fall over. Not to mention, my hands won’t stop shaking.   I had a concussion three weeks ago. I have hypothyroidism. I have extreme anxiety and a little bit or depression and a major mood disorder. I hve panic attacks. The most recent one was yesterday and the same for the anxiety attacks. I have PTSD as well.   So should I go in?
8yjbcd,338,346,ADR,migraine,Propanolol,Propanolol,Should I go to the ER? I’m female weighing 185 pounds. I take multiple medications a day.   Propanolol 30 mg twice a day Bupropion 150 mg twice a day Oxcarbazepine 600 twice a day Levothytoxine 50 mg once a day Hydroxyzine 50 mg only when needed  Ear infection started recently so I take ofloxacin  I am 19 and 5’5”.   I have never had a migraine before and I’ve had one for a week. When I’m on pain medication, it’s fine a easy to work however, when I’m not on it I have this pulsating headache and I have episodes of the migraine that I have to stop moving and I have to lean onto something so I don’t fall over. Not to mention, my hands won’t stop shaking.   I had a concussion three weeks ago. I have hypothyroidism. I have extreme anxiety and a little bit or depression and a major mood disorder. I hve panic attacks. The most recent one was yesterday and the same for the anxiety attacks. I have PTSD as well.   So should I go in?
8yjbcd,736,743,ADR,anxiety,Propanolol,Propanolol,Should I go to the ER? I’m female weighing 185 pounds. I take multiple medications a day.   Propanolol 30 mg twice a day Bupropion 150 mg twice a day Oxcarbazepine 600 twice a day Levothytoxine 50 mg once a day Hydroxyzine 50 mg only when needed  Ear infection started recently so I take ofloxacin  I am 19 and 5’5”.   I have never had a migraine before and I’ve had one for a week. When I’m on pain medication, it’s fine a easy to work however, when I’m not on it I have this pulsating headache and I have episodes of the migraine that I have to stop moving and I have to lean onto something so I don’t fall over. Not to mention, my hands won’t stop shaking.   I had a concussion three weeks ago. I have hypothyroidism. I have extreme anxiety and a little bit or depression and a major mood disorder. I hve panic attacks. The most recent one was yesterday and the same for the anxiety attacks. I have PTSD as well.   So should I go in?
8yjbcd,764,774,ADR,depression,Propanolol,Propanolol,Should I go to the ER? I’m female weighing 185 pounds. I take multiple medications a day.   Propanolol 30 mg twice a day Bupropion 150 mg twice a day Oxcarbazepine 600 twice a day Levothytoxine 50 mg once a day Hydroxyzine 50 mg only when needed  Ear infection started recently so I take ofloxacin  I am 19 and 5’5”.   I have never had a migraine before and I’ve had one for a week. When I’m on pain medication, it’s fine a easy to work however, when I’m not on it I have this pulsating headache and I have episodes of the migraine that I have to stop moving and I have to lean onto something so I don’t fall over. Not to mention, my hands won’t stop shaking.   I had a concussion three weeks ago. I have hypothyroidism. I have extreme anxiety and a little bit or depression and a major mood disorder. I hve panic attacks. The most recent one was yesterday and the same for the anxiety attacks. I have PTSD as well.   So should I go in?
8yjbcd,781,800,ADR,major mood disorder,Propanolol,Propanolol,Should I go to the ER? I’m female weighing 185 pounds. I take multiple medications a day.   Propanolol 30 mg twice a day Bupropion 150 mg twice a day Oxcarbazepine 600 twice a day Levothytoxine 50 mg once a day Hydroxyzine 50 mg only when needed  Ear infection started recently so I take ofloxacin  I am 19 and 5’5”.   I have never had a migraine before and I’ve had one for a week. When I’m on pain medication, it’s fine a easy to work however, when I’m not on it I have this pulsating headache and I have episodes of the migraine that I have to stop moving and I have to lean onto something so I don’t fall over. Not to mention, my hands won’t stop shaking.   I had a concussion three weeks ago. I have hypothyroidism. I have extreme anxiety and a little bit or depression and a major mood disorder. I hve panic attacks. The most recent one was yesterday and the same for the anxiety attacks. I have PTSD as well.   So should I go in?
8z5szm,196,206,ADR,low libido,zoloft,zoloft,How long did it take for Pristiq to really start working? I was on Zoloft (Sertraline) for 5 years. A few months ago My doctor and I finally decided to switch to something different because of my low libido. She put me on Pristiq. The first month I didn’t notice anything different - better or worse. Now that I’m on month two I’ve started to feel depressed and more anxious than usual - out of no where.   Has anyone else experienced this switching meds?
8z5szm,348,357,ADR,depressed,pristiq,pristiq,How long did it take for Pristiq to really start working? I was on Zoloft (Sertraline) for 5 years. A few months ago My doctor and I finally decided to switch to something different because of my low libido. She put me on Pristiq. The first month I didn’t notice anything different - better or worse. Now that I’m on month two I’ve started to feel depressed and more anxious than usual - out of no where.   Has anyone else experienced this switching meds?
8z5szm,367,374,ADR,anxious,pristiq,pristiq,How long did it take for Pristiq to really start working? I was on Zoloft (Sertraline) for 5 years. A few months ago My doctor and I finally decided to switch to something different because of my low libido. She put me on Pristiq. The first month I didn’t notice anything different - better or worse. Now that I’m on month two I’ve started to feel depressed and more anxious than usual - out of no where.   Has anyone else experienced this switching meds?
8z33xp,170,179,ADR,headaches,pristiq,pristiq,Anyone on Pristiq? I've been on 50mg of Pristiq for almost 2 weeks. Depression, obsessive thoughts, and even the anxiety are absolutely better.... but I am still getting headaches, nausea, body sweats, and having the usual antidepressant sexual side effects (you know... those.)  Anyone else on this? If so, did these side effects go away for you?
8z33xp,181,187,ADR,nausea,pristiq,pristiq,Anyone on Pristiq? I've been on 50mg of Pristiq for almost 2 weeks. Depression, obsessive thoughts, and even the anxiety are absolutely better.... but I am still getting headaches, nausea, body sweats, and having the usual antidepressant sexual side effects (you know... those.)  Anyone else on this? If so, did these side effects go away for you?
8z33xp,189,200,ADR,body sweats,pristiq,pristiq,Anyone on Pristiq? I've been on 50mg of Pristiq for almost 2 weeks. Depression, obsessive thoughts, and even the anxiety are absolutely better.... but I am still getting headaches, nausea, body sweats, and having the usual antidepressant sexual side effects (you know... those.)  Anyone else on this? If so, did these side effects go away for you?
8yv62h,371,381,ADR,depression,pristiq,pristiq,Celexa then Lexapro 10+ years. When/How do I know if i don’t need them anymore? I was on Wellbutrin for a few years in my 20’s then stopped. A few years later new P-doc put me on Celexa and then a few years later I went to Lexapro 20mg (still on it at age 40+). About 10 years back I wanted to improve more so I tried going to Pristiq, but had major incident that caused depression and anxiety. So after a week or so went back on Lexapro.   How do I know if the symptoms of my attempted change to Pristiq were withdrawal symptoms from SSRI? Or if they were true depression. It was a stop Lexapro and take Pristiq cut. No weaning or anything.   At some point I was also diagnosed with low testosterone and am now on TRT as well. So I don’t know if my depression was due to low T or other factors.   How do I know when is enough? Or do I just keep taking them for the rest of my life?  Do I try weaning off and see what happens? I now have a wife and kids so having a major incident like when I tried to go to Pristiq is very different. Job security and not killing myself are a major concern and having a meltdown would not be good.   My P-doc says you want try to wean off it you like. But then he also just retired so...  Thanks in advance.
8yv62h,386,393,ADR,anxiety,pristiq,pristiq,Celexa then Lexapro 10+ years. When/How do I know if i don’t need them anymore? I was on Wellbutrin for a few years in my 20’s then stopped. A few years later new P-doc put me on Celexa and then a few years later I went to Lexapro 20mg (still on it at age 40+). About 10 years back I wanted to improve more so I tried going to Pristiq, but had major incident that caused depression and anxiety. So after a week or so went back on Lexapro.   How do I know if the symptoms of my attempted change to Pristiq were withdrawal symptoms from SSRI? Or if they were true depression. It was a stop Lexapro and take Pristiq cut. No weaning or anything.   At some point I was also diagnosed with low testosterone and am now on TRT as well. So I don’t know if my depression was due to low T or other factors.   How do I know when is enough? Or do I just keep taking them for the rest of my life?  Do I try weaning off and see what happens? I now have a wife and kids so having a major incident like when I tried to go to Pristiq is very different. Job security and not killing myself are a major concern and having a meltdown would not be good.   My P-doc says you want try to wean off it you like. But then he also just retired so...  Thanks in advance.
8yv62h,510,520,ADR,withdrawal,ssri,ssri,Celexa then Lexapro 10+ years. When/How do I know if i don’t need them anymore? I was on Wellbutrin for a few years in my 20’s then stopped. A few years later new P-doc put me on Celexa and then a few years later I went to Lexapro 20mg (still on it at age 40+). About 10 years back I wanted to improve more so I tried going to Pristiq, but had major incident that caused depression and anxiety. So after a week or so went back on Lexapro.   How do I know if the symptoms of my attempted change to Pristiq were withdrawal symptoms from SSRI? Or if they were true depression. It was a stop Lexapro and take Pristiq cut. No weaning or anything.   At some point I was also diagnosed with low testosterone and am now on TRT as well. So I don’t know if my depression was due to low T or other factors.   How do I know when is enough? Or do I just keep taking them for the rest of my life?  Do I try weaning off and see what happens? I now have a wife and kids so having a major incident like when I tried to go to Pristiq is very different. Job security and not killing myself are a major concern and having a meltdown would not be good.   My P-doc says you want try to wean off it you like. But then he also just retired so...  Thanks in advance.
8yp6qj,359,369,ADR,withdrawal,pristiq,pristiq,What's your experience with Pristiq? Hey guys. I've been taking 200mg of Pristiq (desvenlafaxine) for around 3 years and it's been the first anti to actually work for me after a long list of failures. Of course there are still negative side effects though, and ideally I'd be on a lower dose or get off it altogether, but from the little I've read online the withdrawal can be pretty brutal.  Does anyone here have experience with it and can share? What did you notice when your dose was cut, if anything?  Thanks in advance!
8y1jh9,653,661,ADR,suicidal,pristiq,pristiq,Question for girls on antidepressants who notice a dip in symptoms around your pms/period I've been on  Desvenlafaxine (Pristiq 50) for three months per the recommendation of my psychiatrist, I and those around me are seeing a gradual improvement in my mental health, however, my cycle as of this year has grown sort of out of whack (it has been for most of my life, but was fairly regular for about the past 5 years, this year it began getting a bit out of whack and I'm currently about a month behind, with no possibility of pregnancy)   So - I've noticed when the less regular my cycle is, the more severe my PMS symptoms become, to the point I feel suicidal  because of them. I spoke to my psychiatrist about this and he told me I could either double the dose of Pristiq during that time, which I'm not excited about because that'd be like taking double for two weeks out of the month, and I just can't afford that atm - or I could go on birth control. He recommended based on Birth Control other female patients take, Yasmin or Qlaira. Beyond that he told me I might want to consult with a gynecologist.    I've heard a lot of iffy information and wanted to know if anyone here had first hand experience with this, I've seen talk that some antidepressants lower the efficiency of birth control, i'd like to clarify that's not a concern for me as I'm not sexually active. My goal is an oral birth control that will help regulate my cycle and lessen the symptoms of my extreme lows during my PMS, I have pretty obvious hormonal issues that I'd like to address more aggressively with my doctors once I'm insured again (I've been trying since I was like 17 but doctors would just dismiss me and tell me it'd work itself out as I got older, but thats a whole 'nother story)   Hoping some of y'all here could give me some advice on your success with BC that helped regulate your cycles if your issues were also antidepressants becoming less effective around your PMSing - or any other advice concerning that specific problem tbh.
8zjf53,137,148,ADR,skin issues,synthroid,synthroid,I have no energy i’m a 20yo female who was diagnosed with hashimotos at 13. I am on synthroid, but I still struggle with lots of gut and skin issues.  I believe my diet is mostly to blame. A dietary change is something that I never thought I could commit to because im extremely picky when it comes to eating. Ever since I was a kid I struggled with eating vegetables. I also have a bad habit of binge eating junk food whenever I am feeling sad or stressed.   I am looking for suggestions on where to start when it comes to cutting things out. I would also appreciate any advice on hashimotos and what has helped you.  thanks:)
8zg4ii,332,342,ADR,overweight,synthroid,synthroid,Does getting ones thyroid removed really make some people obese? I was watching some body positivity speaker talking about how it's wrong to fat shame because getting your thyroid removed can cause severe weight gain. I got mine removed and now I just take Synthroid. I'm not nearly as skinny as I was before, but I'm hardly fat or overweight. I wrote it off as a dumb excuse, but that's ignorant of me. So I should ask:     Does synthroid not work some people or something?
8z91dh,486,493,ADR,anxiety,synthroid,synthroid,Hashi's but feeling A OK (see my labs) - can I wait to start Synthroid? I developed a small goiter which had me go into the doc's and the blood work is as shown below.    I have not been told if synthroid would shrink the goiter or not, but tbh it's not that bad at all, just a small lump, no one notices unless I point it out.  I've actually always been thin without trying and I might a bit tired some days, but not disablingly so compared to other people my age (27). I do have some anxiety but not unmanageable and it's gotten less so with age.  Long hair, strong nails, oilier skin but clear, some mild eczema and acne flare ups - I'm afraid if I start synthroid that I'll develop the symptoms of Hashi's prematurely -   Any one else have Hashi's and no symptoms?  ||**(IU/ML)**  || |:-|:-|:-| |**Free T4**|  **0.4** || | **TSH**| **54.90** || |  **Thyroid Peroxidase Ab** |  **164** || | **Thyroglobulin A b**|**378**    ||
8z91dh,608,614,ADR,eczema,synthroid,synthroid,Hashi's but feeling A OK (see my labs) - can I wait to start Synthroid? I developed a small goiter which had me go into the doc's and the blood work is as shown below.    I have not been told if synthroid would shrink the goiter or not, but tbh it's not that bad at all, just a small lump, no one notices unless I point it out.  I've actually always been thin without trying and I might a bit tired some days, but not disablingly so compared to other people my age (27). I do have some anxiety but not unmanageable and it's gotten less so with age.  Long hair, strong nails, oilier skin but clear, some mild eczema and acne flare ups - I'm afraid if I start synthroid that I'll develop the symptoms of Hashi's prematurely -   Any one else have Hashi's and no symptoms?  ||**(IU/ML)**  || |:-|:-|:-| |**Free T4**|  **0.4** || | **TSH**| **54.90** || |  **Thyroid Peroxidase Ab** |  **164** || | **Thyroglobulin A b**|**378**    ||
8z91dh,619,623,ADR,acne,synthroid,synthroid,Hashi's but feeling A OK (see my labs) - can I wait to start Synthroid? I developed a small goiter which had me go into the doc's and the blood work is as shown below.    I have not been told if synthroid would shrink the goiter or not, but tbh it's not that bad at all, just a small lump, no one notices unless I point it out.  I've actually always been thin without trying and I might a bit tired some days, but not disablingly so compared to other people my age (27). I do have some anxiety but not unmanageable and it's gotten less so with age.  Long hair, strong nails, oilier skin but clear, some mild eczema and acne flare ups - I'm afraid if I start synthroid that I'll develop the symptoms of Hashi's prematurely -   Any one else have Hashi's and no symptoms?  ||**(IU/ML)**  || |:-|:-|:-| |**Free T4**|  **0.4** || | **TSH**| **54.90** || |  **Thyroid Peroxidase Ab** |  **164** || | **Thyroglobulin A b**|**378**    ||
8z5fvm,1256,1268,ADR,Hyperthyroid,synthroid,synthroid,Everyone keeps telling me it’s just anxiety.... The past few years I’ve always had issues with excessive sweating, increased hunger, increased thirst, and lately frequent urination. I could take a freezing cold shower and be sweating in 5 min. I am constantly using the restroom all day. It makes it hard to fall asleep and keeps me up at night. My skin is always hot, sweaty. This is how I am most of the day everyday. The mornings are very hard cause I’m completely exhausted from the day before being in that state all day. I’m 22 years old, young and athletic, diet is pretty good, don’t feel like I should be having issues like this. All the doctors want to say is it’s just anxiety and that I’m sensitive. I don’t consume caffeine or really any alcohol.   After seeing my doctor with these symptoms of high adrenaline, frequent urination, excessive sweating, increased thirst, hot skin, he told me that it’s just my anxiety coming out in physical symptoms. I insisted that I get my thyroid checked. Sure enough my bloodwork came back and my TSH levels were a bit off and now they’ve got me on Synthroid. I’m on a low dose but I’m still having these symptoms. And this is treating me for Hypothyroid but what’s weird is most of my symptoms sound like Hyperthyroid which Synthroid could potentially make everything worse.  I know what it’s like to have anxiety, excessive thoughts, etc but I feel like this is hormonal and something more physical especially with the constant sweating and frequent urination. I’m getting tired of seeing my doctor cause he probably thinks I’m crazy but I might insist that he sends me to a Endocrinologist specialist.   I’m really not sure what this could be. Has anyone dealt with this?
8z1yc4,463,474,ADR,weight gain,synthroid,synthroid,Please help! Beginning law school in one month and symptoms are worse than ever. Hi all. I was diagnosed with Hashis in June 2016. At the time of diagnosis, my doctor said simply to take my thyroid medication (Synthroid) daily for treatment. No change in diet, etc. because “it’s an incurable disease” and my only option was to manage my symptoms with the medication dosage.   Two years later, my symptoms have since spiraled out of control. The biggest issue is weight gain. I am a mid-twenties female and weighed 150 lbs. before diagnosis, plateaued around 165 lbs. shortly after and recently increased to 185 lbs. I eat fairly clean, but have a sweet tooth and don’t work out regularly. I am also experiencing fatigue, brain fog, a lowered sex drive (fun, I know) and very dry and brittle hair, skin and nails.   I am in the process of moving across the country to begin law school in August, so I don’t have a lot of time to start seeing a new doctor. But, I can’t continue like this. Any recommendations? In doing my own research, it sounds like a gluten free diet or even AIP may be helpful. Has anyone seen success with this or similar at home methods?
8z1yc4,713,720,ADR,fatigue,synthroid,synthroid,Please help! Beginning law school in one month and symptoms are worse than ever. Hi all. I was diagnosed with Hashis in June 2016. At the time of diagnosis, my doctor said simply to take my thyroid medication (Synthroid) daily for treatment. No change in diet, etc. because “it’s an incurable disease” and my only option was to manage my symptoms with the medication dosage.   Two years later, my symptoms have since spiraled out of control. The biggest issue is weight gain. I am a mid-twenties female and weighed 150 lbs. before diagnosis, plateaued around 165 lbs. shortly after and recently increased to 185 lbs. I eat fairly clean, but have a sweet tooth and don’t work out regularly. I am also experiencing fatigue, brain fog, a lowered sex drive (fun, I know) and very dry and brittle hair, skin and nails.   I am in the process of moving across the country to begin law school in August, so I don’t have a lot of time to start seeing a new doctor. But, I can’t continue like this. Any recommendations? In doing my own research, it sounds like a gluten free diet or even AIP may be helpful. Has anyone seen success with this or similar at home methods?
8z1yc4,722,731,ADR,brain fog,synthroid,synthroid,Please help! Beginning law school in one month and symptoms are worse than ever. Hi all. I was diagnosed with Hashis in June 2016. At the time of diagnosis, my doctor said simply to take my thyroid medication (Synthroid) daily for treatment. No change in diet, etc. because “it’s an incurable disease” and my only option was to manage my symptoms with the medication dosage.   Two years later, my symptoms have since spiraled out of control. The biggest issue is weight gain. I am a mid-twenties female and weighed 150 lbs. before diagnosis, plateaued around 165 lbs. shortly after and recently increased to 185 lbs. I eat fairly clean, but have a sweet tooth and don’t work out regularly. I am also experiencing fatigue, brain fog, a lowered sex drive (fun, I know) and very dry and brittle hair, skin and nails.   I am in the process of moving across the country to begin law school in August, so I don’t have a lot of time to start seeing a new doctor. But, I can’t continue like this. Any recommendations? In doing my own research, it sounds like a gluten free diet or even AIP may be helpful. Has anyone seen success with this or similar at home methods?
8z1yc4,735,752,ADR,lowered sex drive,synthroid,synthroid,Please help! Beginning law school in one month and symptoms are worse than ever. Hi all. I was diagnosed with Hashis in June 2016. At the time of diagnosis, my doctor said simply to take my thyroid medication (Synthroid) daily for treatment. No change in diet, etc. because “it’s an incurable disease” and my only option was to manage my symptoms with the medication dosage.   Two years later, my symptoms have since spiraled out of control. The biggest issue is weight gain. I am a mid-twenties female and weighed 150 lbs. before diagnosis, plateaued around 165 lbs. shortly after and recently increased to 185 lbs. I eat fairly clean, but have a sweet tooth and don’t work out regularly. I am also experiencing fatigue, brain fog, a lowered sex drive (fun, I know) and very dry and brittle hair, skin and nails.   I am in the process of moving across the country to begin law school in August, so I don’t have a lot of time to start seeing a new doctor. But, I can’t continue like this. Any recommendations? In doing my own research, it sounds like a gluten free diet or even AIP may be helpful. Has anyone seen success with this or similar at home methods?
8z1yc4,784,796,ADR,brittle hair,synthroid,synthroid,Please help! Beginning law school in one month and symptoms are worse than ever. Hi all. I was diagnosed with Hashis in June 2016. At the time of diagnosis, my doctor said simply to take my thyroid medication (Synthroid) daily for treatment. No change in diet, etc. because “it’s an incurable disease” and my only option was to manage my symptoms with the medication dosage.   Two years later, my symptoms have since spiraled out of control. The biggest issue is weight gain. I am a mid-twenties female and weighed 150 lbs. before diagnosis, plateaued around 165 lbs. shortly after and recently increased to 185 lbs. I eat fairly clean, but have a sweet tooth and don’t work out regularly. I am also experiencing fatigue, brain fog, a lowered sex drive (fun, I know) and very dry and brittle hair, skin and nails.   I am in the process of moving across the country to begin law school in August, so I don’t have a lot of time to start seeing a new doctor. But, I can’t continue like this. Any recommendations? In doing my own research, it sounds like a gluten free diet or even AIP may be helpful. Has anyone seen success with this or similar at home methods?
8ykfrn,263,273,ADR,depression,synthroid,synthroid,Just diagnosed with hypothyroid Just saw my doctor and my tests came back with my TSH levels being 5.5. She said that’s a little off and wants to try 25mcgs of Synthroid to see if it helps. I had a suspicion maybe my thyroid was off as i have dealt with a lot of depression and especially anxiety. Never really had my thyroid tested and everyone just threw a bunch of antidepressants at me and those never really worked.  A little nervous starting this medication as I’ve head failed attempt after failed attempt with psych meds. Hoping this will help a lot of my symptoms that have been giving me issues.  Anyone have any advice or tips starting Synthroid?
8ykfrn,289,297,ADR,anxiety.,synthroid,synthroid,Just diagnosed with hypothyroid Just saw my doctor and my tests came back with my TSH levels being 5.5. She said that’s a little off and wants to try 25mcgs of Synthroid to see if it helps. I had a suspicion maybe my thyroid was off as i have dealt with a lot of depression and especially anxiety. Never really had my thyroid tested and everyone just threw a bunch of antidepressants at me and those never really worked.  A little nervous starting this medication as I’ve head failed attempt after failed attempt with psych meds. Hoping this will help a lot of my symptoms that have been giving me issues.  Anyone have any advice or tips starting Synthroid?
8yfsc5,270,282,ADR,sore nipples,synthroid,synthroid,breast pain ask you provide at **MINIMUM**: 30, 5' 2", 115 lbs, female, synthroid, nuvaring, concerta (hvent taken in a few weeks tho), don't smoke, N/A- medical issues besides what I take the medication for, duration and location of complaint: 4-5 days.  I've had very sore nipples for about 4-5 days. I had a period about 2 weeks ago. Last had sex about 3 weeks ago. I've been on nuvaring for about 15 years and don't usually have this. I've only experienced sore breasts when NOT on birth control and it would last a day or 2 before my period. I didn't think there was any way I could be pregnant due to the fact that I have taken my birth control as prescribed, however, I did do a pregnancy test this week and it came out negative.   Its just driving me nuts, its so painful I haven't been wearing normal bras and I can't believe its going on this long! ANy idea what it could be? Just weird hormones?   Thanks.
8zyhni,215,225,ADR,depression,lamictal,lamictal,Feeling lost, needing some advice So I’ve been trying to recover for about 6 months now from a few destructive hypomanic episodes then major depressive episodes. Started new medications and unsure what to think. My depression has gotten worse last 6 weeks, but no med changes since April. Changed jobs and was happy for awhile then crashed again.  I have little interest in things, when I find interest I get bored and decide to switch to something else, then realize it’s boring too. Been saying I’m sick to stay home from work. Memory has been terrible. I know certain things that might help but just thinking about them makes me feel exhausted. All my classic depression signs that show up, with the exception I don’t need to sleep a lot.  Talked to my therapist yesterday, she recommends me seeing my APRN again to go over meds early before school starts up again. She thinks I need to go back to a solid routine and doesn’t think my job is helping me since it’s very irregular sales job.  Medications: - Lamictal 250mg at night - Sertaline 100mg at night (for anxiety and COD) - Buproprion XL 150 mg morning - Bupropion 75mg IR morning - Trazadone 50mg sleep-aid  My theory is I’m in a mixed state, and the meds are making it weird, but my therapist obviously isn’t in the position to make any changes, my APRN is. I’m scheduling an appointment before school starts so I don’t destroy myself in school again.
8zxp1p,81,89,ADR,fatigued,lamictal,lamictal,Acute severe fatigue Female 24, 80kg 164cm, bipolar, lamictal   I feel extremely fatigued. It has slowly got worse over the last maybe four days. I have also started feeling nauseous today.   I have had an enormous amount of emotional distress in my life for a very long time, but my depression has lifted lately and I feel kind of positive about the future, even motivated and excited many days. So I mean I have been fatigued before de to long lasting depressive episodes, but this is very sudden, different and honestly debilitating. I rely on other people to go to the grocery store for me.   I did talk to a counsellor about some things that it took me a couple of years to tell anyone, and learnt that I was in fact sexually manipulated and abused. When that sank in and I accepted what I knew in the very back of my brain, I felt so empty. Everything was so quiet around me. As if the static noise had stopped. I remember looking around me feeling so present. I honestly felt relief learning that it was abuse, because that means I am no longer confused searching for answers, as I have been for so very long. And it means that what happened wasn't my fault.   This was about four days ago when I started to become fatigued. But shits been hitting the fan before this. Could the acute fatigue really be caused by this? Like I can barely stand. Or am I rambling about irrelevant things and really I need to go get my heart checked.  I get panic attacks when I suspect something is wrong physically, so I am writing here because I am having my usual death-angst, and a horrible fear of getting paralysis. Which as Im writing this sounds ridiculous, but anxiety doesn't give a shit.  Sorry about the amount of mess this post is.
8zxp1p,454,473,ADR,depressive episodes,lamictal,lamictal,Acute severe fatigue Female 24, 80kg 164cm, bipolar, lamictal   I feel extremely fatigued. It has slowly got worse over the last maybe four days. I have also started feeling nauseous today.   I have had an enormous amount of emotional distress in my life for a very long time, but my depression has lifted lately and I feel kind of positive about the future, even motivated and excited many days. So I mean I have been fatigued before de to long lasting depressive episodes, but this is very sudden, different and honestly debilitating. I rely on other people to go to the grocery store for me.   I did talk to a counsellor about some things that it took me a couple of years to tell anyone, and learnt that I was in fact sexually manipulated and abused. When that sank in and I accepted what I knew in the very back of my brain, I felt so empty. Everything was so quiet around me. As if the static noise had stopped. I remember looking around me feeling so present. I honestly felt relief learning that it was abuse, because that means I am no longer confused searching for answers, as I have been for so very long. And it means that what happened wasn't my fault.   This was about four days ago when I started to become fatigued. But shits been hitting the fan before this. Could the acute fatigue really be caused by this? Like I can barely stand. Or am I rambling about irrelevant things and really I need to go get my heart checked.  I get panic attacks when I suspect something is wrong physically, so I am writing here because I am having my usual death-angst, and a horrible fear of getting paralysis. Which as Im writing this sounds ridiculous, but anxiety doesn't give a shit.  Sorry about the amount of mess this post is.
8zxp1p,1445,1458,ADR,panic attacks,lamictal,lamictal,Acute severe fatigue Female 24, 80kg 164cm, bipolar, lamictal   I feel extremely fatigued. It has slowly got worse over the last maybe four days. I have also started feeling nauseous today.   I have had an enormous amount of emotional distress in my life for a very long time, but my depression has lifted lately and I feel kind of positive about the future, even motivated and excited many days. So I mean I have been fatigued before de to long lasting depressive episodes, but this is very sudden, different and honestly debilitating. I rely on other people to go to the grocery store for me.   I did talk to a counsellor about some things that it took me a couple of years to tell anyone, and learnt that I was in fact sexually manipulated and abused. When that sank in and I accepted what I knew in the very back of my brain, I felt so empty. Everything was so quiet around me. As if the static noise had stopped. I remember looking around me feeling so present. I honestly felt relief learning that it was abuse, because that means I am no longer confused searching for answers, as I have been for so very long. And it means that what happened wasn't my fault.   This was about four days ago when I started to become fatigued. But shits been hitting the fan before this. Could the acute fatigue really be caused by this? Like I can barely stand. Or am I rambling about irrelevant things and really I need to go get my heart checked.  I get panic attacks when I suspect something is wrong physically, so I am writing here because I am having my usual death-angst, and a horrible fear of getting paralysis. Which as Im writing this sounds ridiculous, but anxiety doesn't give a shit.  Sorry about the amount of mess this post is.
8zr238,249,257,ADR,sluggish,lithium,lithium,Concern about hypomania Hey everyone,   So here's the story. I've been diagnosed for about 4 years and have been hospitalized 4 times for manic episodes.   I've been taking lithium, Lamictal and risperidone.   The thing is, I was feeling incredibly sluggish and unmotivated to do anything for about 8 months after my last hospitalization. I'm a 23 y/o (m) in college and am a huge athlete. But when complying to the meds, I was too lethargic to do anything. The docs wouldn't change anything when I continously told them this.   I'll cut to the chase, about a month ago I progressed off lithium and risperidone and kept the Lamictal. In the last two weeks I feel like I got my life back and I'm myself again. I feel amazing. But too amazing? That's the question.   I see my doctor tomorrow and am wondering if I be completely honest or not. Obviously, being honest is the move, but I don't want to take the risk of being hospitalized again.   Thanks so much and please let me know your advice
8zr238,262,273,ADR,unmotivated,lithium,lithium,Concern about hypomania Hey everyone,   So here's the story. I've been diagnosed for about 4 years and have been hospitalized 4 times for manic episodes.   I've been taking lithium, Lamictal and risperidone.   The thing is, I was feeling incredibly sluggish and unmotivated to do anything for about 8 months after my last hospitalization. I'm a 23 y/o (m) in college and am a huge athlete. But when complying to the meds, I was too lethargic to do anything. The docs wouldn't change anything when I continously told them this.   I'll cut to the chase, about a month ago I progressed off lithium and risperidone and kept the Lamictal. In the last two weeks I feel like I got my life back and I'm myself again. I feel amazing. But too amazing? That's the question.   I see my doctor tomorrow and am wondering if I be completely honest or not. Obviously, being honest is the move, but I don't want to take the risk of being hospitalized again.   Thanks so much and please let me know your advice
8zr238,432,441,ADR,lethargic,lithium,lithium,Concern about hypomania Hey everyone,   So here's the story. I've been diagnosed for about 4 years and have been hospitalized 4 times for manic episodes.   I've been taking lithium, Lamictal and risperidone.   The thing is, I was feeling incredibly sluggish and unmotivated to do anything for about 8 months after my last hospitalization. I'm a 23 y/o (m) in college and am a huge athlete. But when complying to the meds, I was too lethargic to do anything. The docs wouldn't change anything when I continously told them this.   I'll cut to the chase, about a month ago I progressed off lithium and risperidone and kept the Lamictal. In the last two weeks I feel like I got my life back and I'm myself again. I feel amazing. But too amazing? That's the question.   I see my doctor tomorrow and am wondering if I be completely honest or not. Obviously, being honest is the move, but I don't want to take the risk of being hospitalized again.   Thanks so much and please let me know your advice
8zq0hg,107,112,ADR,mania,lamictal,lamictal,Bipolar disorder and ADHD? My psychiatrist before had told me that adding an ADHD medication will increase mania. I'm on 100mg of lamictal, I still don't feel completely stable. My depressive episodes don't last as long anymore, since I'm on paxil and trazodone. But my ADHD and mania together, leave me in a chaotic, sleeplessness person. Does anyone have experience introducing stimulants, like adderall or ritalin?
8zq0hg,309,316,ADR,chaotic,lamictal,lamictal,Bipolar disorder and ADHD? My psychiatrist before had told me that adding an ADHD medication will increase mania. I'm on 100mg of lamictal, I still don't feel completely stable. My depressive episodes don't last as long anymore, since I'm on paxil and trazodone. But my ADHD and mania together, leave me in a chaotic, sleeplessness person. Does anyone have experience introducing stimulants, like adderall or ritalin?
8zq0hg,318,331,ADR,sleeplessness,lamictal,lamictal,Bipolar disorder and ADHD? My psychiatrist before had told me that adding an ADHD medication will increase mania. I'm on 100mg of lamictal, I still don't feel completely stable. My depressive episodes don't last as long anymore, since I'm on paxil and trazodone. But my ADHD and mania together, leave me in a chaotic, sleeplessness person. Does anyone have experience introducing stimulants, like adderall or ritalin?
8zoiqy,942,953,ADR,withdrawals,clonazepam,clonazepam,Couldn't get off, very worried So, as the title, states, I failed to get off.  For the 3rd (?) time.  I took 1.5 years this time, and I went up and down, from 1.5mg, to 1, to .75, to 1, to .75 back to 1mg of clonazepam.  Then I felt off, so I went up to 1.5mg of clonazepam, which in the end, about 2 months later (this is all about 7 months after I went back up to 1mg again, I wound up in the hospital.    Now granted, for the whole story, I also tried to get off Lamictal in the interim.  I got off 50mg of 200mg, and while I got off of it, it was rough.  That's when my stomach started acting up, and I could only get about 4 hours of sleep.  I finally caved, and went in.  They put me on 1800mg of neurontin, which is sort of keeping things at bay, but does anyone have anything similar that's even a slight success story?  I still get panic attacks, and I feel like it's touch and go.  I still get times at night where it's almost like withdrawals, every now an then a sharp noise will make me feel like I'm jumping, and it's just rushing through me.  I'm so afraid that I've done something "irreversible" and everything I read makes me worry more, and I can't decipher it.  I just don't want to go back to the hospital and I don't want this to be a temporary fix, where every two months or whatever it all just comes back to haunt me worse.  Kindling seems to be the main concern, but I'm just not sure where that puts me... I stayed on everything, and it usually talks about people getting off, and I'm not sure that I could do that unless someone yanked me off, and I don't know that would go well at all.    Also, if anyone has ever seen or talked to a neurologist, I'm in the northeast and I'd be curious to talk to one about glutamate and GABA and kindling and whatnot , but I'm not sure it would do any good.  Thanks for your help, and good luck.
8zmeh1,546,555,ADR,irritable,lamictal,lamictal,Speaking of irritability I've been involved in some threads related to irritability, but had another related question. If and when you experience irritability, is it a constant thing, or does it brew under the surface and then kind of flare up? I am definitely not usually an angry person and have been struggling with extreme irritability lately. Usually it is constant, like all day long terrible irritability.  It seems less intense since upping my Lamictal dose, but  today I was feeling both really good and under the surface I think mildly irritable, then I got upset about something legitimate but just raged out (not at anyone, I held it in then raged/cried after the fact). I am not usually so reactive so it's not like I have anger issues (although struggle a bit with PMDD, so have a milder version then). Anyways, does anyone else experience this? My hormones feel out of wack so maybe it is just something like that.
8zmeh1,736,748,ADR,anger issues,lamictal,lamictal,Speaking of irritability I've been involved in some threads related to irritability, but had another related question. If and when you experience irritability, is it a constant thing, or does it brew under the surface and then kind of flare up? I am definitely not usually an angry person and have been struggling with extreme irritability lately. Usually it is constant, like all day long terrible irritability.  It seems less intense since upping my Lamictal dose, but  today I was feeling both really good and under the surface I think mildly irritable, then I got upset about something legitimate but just raged out (not at anyone, I held it in then raged/cried after the fact). I am not usually so reactive so it's not like I have anger issues (although struggle a bit with PMDD, so have a milder version then). Anyways, does anyone else experience this? My hormones feel out of wack so maybe it is just something like that.
8ziy9k,2603,2615,ADR,going crazy.,lamictal,lamictal,Recovery after three years of acquiring DP [TriggerWarning?] I'll be deleting this in a few days, just want to share my story in order to give hope to those who are currently in the rabbithole.   Edit: this is super long and kinda rambly, but I think it still provides some helpful insight to those struggling.   **BackStory:**  I was an 18 year old kid who had just graduated from highschool. I get attached to people really easily and my first girlfriend absolutely shattered my heart. I didn't want to move away from home to go to college 2000 miles away. Six months later, there I was anyway, miserable, lonely, and depressed, even though I had no idea what depression was at the time.   My dad was an Olympic rower so he eventually convinced me to join the school's rowing team. I'd wake up every morning at 5:30 to go and break my balls on the rowing machines 6 days a week. While I believe the exercise may initially have helped stave off depression (endorphins etc) I think it was actually a catalyst later on.  I had no real friends and couldn't connect with anyone except my roommate. He was my only real friend pretty much.      I first experienced DP during Winter break, roughly 5 months after school had started. My parents had flown out and we all went to a friends house to go skiing. I remember waking up one day and being confused about whether or not I was still asleep. I can only describe the feeling as confusion. Nothing made sense to me, it felt like I was in a dream and that my previous life was separate from the reality(lol, prob not the right word) I was currently living in. At the time the feelings weren't very strong, so when my dad told me I was probably just tired from being at school for so long, I believed him and for the most part put the DP on the backburner.   Fastforward 3 months. I had been back at school and it was spring break. Most kids go home during spring break to see their families but rowers have to stay at school to practice.   **Incident:**  During spring break, one night a few people from down the hall invited me into their room to try a weed edible. I broke off a piece of a (pre-packaged medical grade, definitely wasn't laced, more on that later) brownie and threw it down the hatch. For about 20 minutes it was all fun and games, I was laughing and having a good time. One of the guys suggested that I try something "crazy". He had me stand in front of a mirror and they turned on a bunch of strobe lights. I stood there, staring at myself, and suddenly didn't feel so good. Suddenly I couldn't control my thoughts and it felt like I was going crazy. At this point I was pretty much trying to save face because I knew something was wrong. I told them I wanted to go to my room to lie down, but it was obvious to them that something was wrong. I started running down the hallway to my room but stopped to throwup. Everything came out, and more.   I don't remember all the details perfectly but I know at one point I lied down on the ground and had them play and Enya song to calm me down. I distinctly remember feeling an incredible depression wash over me and in those few minutes I wanted nothing more to jump off a bridge and kill myself(I mean that literally, if I wasn't out of my mind I might have done something very stupid), the feeling was so incredibly intense. It was like 5 minutes of intense, acute depression that I have never experienced since. I also remember thinking to myself "Holy shit, this is like something out of an American Pie movie", and for some reason it felt super ironic, except that I couldn't escape the irony and it really hurt. I remember feeling like I had suddenly taken on the pain of everyone in the world in that moment, somehow. Anyway,  I told my "friends" to call an ambulance but they refused because they were scared of getting expelled, which in hindsight is pretty understandable. However I was also obviously not ok. For some reason I had stripped down to my underwear and was jogging in place, thinking to myself that if I could match my physical body with my heartrate everything would be better. When I realized it wasn't working I sprinted out of the building to the public saftey building our school has on campus. They strapped me down to a gurney and wheeled me into an ambulance like something straight out of a horror movie.   When I arrived at the hospital I literally couldn't think anymore. Nothing made sense and I couldn't recognize people's faces. There were a few doctors standing around me. One thing I do remember for some reason (probably because it scared the piss out of me) is one of the nurses whispering to another nurse that she was sure I was on acid or meth or something. My urine test turned up positive only for marijuana, much to everyone's surprise.   I awoke the next morning, exhausted. The hospital discharged me the next morning and called me a cab back to campus.  I won't go into anymore details but I'll give you an overview of the 2 years that followed.   **Two weeks following the incident -** I had severe, severe panic attacks, every day, all day, and got very little sleep. I didn't know what the F\*ck was going on. My world was flipped upside down. The school didn't know what to do with me. The school psychiatrists were dumbfounded and I had been into their offices every single day and I had to call the suicide hotline multiple times just so that I could make it until morning when their offices opened. Looking back, I don't know what the hell they were thinking. They should have hospitalized me or drugged me up, or something. Finally, my dad flew out to see me after getting off a scary phonecall with me in which I was having a severe panic attack and screaming in pain, and put me up in a hotel. I was prescribed Klonopin which finally put an end to the panic attacks. Prior to these two weeks I had never had any anxiety or panic, and couldn't even identify anxiety or panic when they hit me.   **6 months -**  Managed to stay in school after a long stay with my dad in the hotel. I failed a bunch of my classes but the klonopin was a real life saver. I no longer had any acute panic attacks but my anxiety was absolutely awful, pretty much anytime I wasn't under the effects of the drug. My DP was a living hell. I was sure that I'd never be back to normal. My symptoms were pretty typical, felt like I was seeing through someone else's eyes, trapped in my own head. Severe existential thoughts, moderate to severe depression.  Oddly, I would often experience intense anxiety after waking up from any nap, so I had to avoid that.   **First year -** no real progress, I had basically accepted my fate. Was pretty dependent on Klonopin and would get anxiety if I went anywhere without it. Life suckkeeedddddd. Like Sucked. Super duper sucked.   **Second year -**  An event happened that I believe was instrumental in my recovery -- I met a girl on tinder who would become my girlfriend for a year. I met this girl during the winter of my sophomore year who I absolutely fell head over heels for. Slowly but surely, over the course of that year, I recovered. She consumed all my time and we did everything together. My thoughts drifted slowly away from my condition, and while it was always present, it no longer had its grip on me, until one day I realized it wasn't present. I should also add that I was diagnosed with Bipolar 2 between my Freshman and Sophomore year after going hypomanic on anti-depressants. Shortly after meeting my girlfriend I was prescribed Lamictal, a drug given to bipolar patients in order to stabilize their moods. This also significantly helped. May actually have helped more. Not sure.  **Now, A little under three years later -**  well, my (then) girlfriend and I are no longer together, although things ended ok.     I'm a much happier person and I no longer have any real depression. I now get anxiety at times, but it's nothing compared to what I had during the last two years. I can enjoy life and while I consider myself "cured" of DP, I do ON OCCASION get it when I consume a large amount of carbs or randomly when I'm out hiking. Both of these things are comfortably avoidable, however. I also now take 250mg of lamictal daily to manage my bipolar.  It's getting late here so I'm sure my writing has been deteriorating, but I just want you guys to know that there's always hope. I know that while I was going through it I was 110% sure that this was something I'd have to live with for the rest of my life. Look at me now.   What I think DP is: Pretty much your brains way of shutting down and telling you to let it take over for a bit. It's like your brains autopilot to compensate for especially discomforting events, repressed or not.   In closing, I would say that this experience has opened my eyes to the importance of mental health. Before, I had no idea that depression and anxiety were real things, had always thought they were exaggerations of people who were just sad or on edge. While I was diagnosed with bipolar, I actually consider it to be a blessing. I'm rapid cycling, so every once and a while I'll have these crazy days where I'm either down or up. When I'm on my "highs" I get tons of things done and am super social and make friends and stuff, when I'm on my "lows" I hunker down with a good book or videogames for a few days and try not to think about it.  I take medication once a day, and will continue to do so for the rest of my life, but whatever, what's two seconds out of my day lol.   If you've read this entire thing, I'm impressed. I'm going to bed, but just recognize what you're feeling is probably not going to be forever (I say probably because some people report that they've had it for 20 years, but I believe even these people can recover too!) and likely will be shorter term like mine, or even shorter, provided the right circumstances. I think that if my girlfriend had not come along, or I had not been properly diagnosed, I'd probably still be in the same boat as 1 year in.  TL:DR - had never experienced any trauma/anxiety, was mildly depression, though. Ate weed brownie, freaked out, got DP. Got girlfriend, took medication, am better.  You guys got this!
8ziy9k,662,672,ADR,depression,lamictal,lamictal,Recovery after three years of acquiring DP [TriggerWarning?] I'll be deleting this in a few days, just want to share my story in order to give hope to those who are currently in the rabbithole.   Edit: this is super long and kinda rambly, but I think it still provides some helpful insight to those struggling.   **BackStory:**  I was an 18 year old kid who had just graduated from highschool. I get attached to people really easily and my first girlfriend absolutely shattered my heart. I didn't want to move away from home to go to college 2000 miles away. Six months later, there I was anyway, miserable, lonely, and depressed, even though I had no idea what depression was at the time.   My dad was an Olympic rower so he eventually convinced me to join the school's rowing team. I'd wake up every morning at 5:30 to go and break my balls on the rowing machines 6 days a week. While I believe the exercise may initially have helped stave off depression (endorphins etc) I think it was actually a catalyst later on.  I had no real friends and couldn't connect with anyone except my roommate. He was my only real friend pretty much.      I first experienced DP during Winter break, roughly 5 months after school had started. My parents had flown out and we all went to a friends house to go skiing. I remember waking up one day and being confused about whether or not I was still asleep. I can only describe the feeling as confusion. Nothing made sense to me, it felt like I was in a dream and that my previous life was separate from the reality(lol, prob not the right word) I was currently living in. At the time the feelings weren't very strong, so when my dad told me I was probably just tired from being at school for so long, I believed him and for the most part put the DP on the backburner.   Fastforward 3 months. I had been back at school and it was spring break. Most kids go home during spring break to see their families but rowers have to stay at school to practice.   **Incident:**  During spring break, one night a few people from down the hall invited me into their room to try a weed edible. I broke off a piece of a (pre-packaged medical grade, definitely wasn't laced, more on that later) brownie and threw it down the hatch. For about 20 minutes it was all fun and games, I was laughing and having a good time. One of the guys suggested that I try something "crazy". He had me stand in front of a mirror and they turned on a bunch of strobe lights. I stood there, staring at myself, and suddenly didn't feel so good. Suddenly I couldn't control my thoughts and it felt like I was going crazy. At this point I was pretty much trying to save face because I knew something was wrong. I told them I wanted to go to my room to lie down, but it was obvious to them that something was wrong. I started running down the hallway to my room but stopped to throwup. Everything came out, and more.   I don't remember all the details perfectly but I know at one point I lied down on the ground and had them play and Enya song to calm me down. I distinctly remember feeling an incredible depression wash over me and in those few minutes I wanted nothing more to jump off a bridge and kill myself(I mean that literally, if I wasn't out of my mind I might have done something very stupid), the feeling was so incredibly intense. It was like 5 minutes of intense, acute depression that I have never experienced since. I also remember thinking to myself "Holy shit, this is like something out of an American Pie movie", and for some reason it felt super ironic, except that I couldn't escape the irony and it really hurt. I remember feeling like I had suddenly taken on the pain of everyone in the world in that moment, somehow. Anyway,  I told my "friends" to call an ambulance but they refused because they were scared of getting expelled, which in hindsight is pretty understandable. However I was also obviously not ok. For some reason I had stripped down to my underwear and was jogging in place, thinking to myself that if I could match my physical body with my heartrate everything would be better. When I realized it wasn't working I sprinted out of the building to the public saftey building our school has on campus. They strapped me down to a gurney and wheeled me into an ambulance like something straight out of a horror movie.   When I arrived at the hospital I literally couldn't think anymore. Nothing made sense and I couldn't recognize people's faces. There were a few doctors standing around me. One thing I do remember for some reason (probably because it scared the piss out of me) is one of the nurses whispering to another nurse that she was sure I was on acid or meth or something. My urine test turned up positive only for marijuana, much to everyone's surprise.   I awoke the next morning, exhausted. The hospital discharged me the next morning and called me a cab back to campus.  I won't go into anymore details but I'll give you an overview of the 2 years that followed.   **Two weeks following the incident -** I had severe, severe panic attacks, every day, all day, and got very little sleep. I didn't know what the F\*ck was going on. My world was flipped upside down. The school didn't know what to do with me. The school psychiatrists were dumbfounded and I had been into their offices every single day and I had to call the suicide hotline multiple times just so that I could make it until morning when their offices opened. Looking back, I don't know what the hell they were thinking. They should have hospitalized me or drugged me up, or something. Finally, my dad flew out to see me after getting off a scary phonecall with me in which I was having a severe panic attack and screaming in pain, and put me up in a hotel. I was prescribed Klonopin which finally put an end to the panic attacks. Prior to these two weeks I had never had any anxiety or panic, and couldn't even identify anxiety or panic when they hit me.   **6 months -**  Managed to stay in school after a long stay with my dad in the hotel. I failed a bunch of my classes but the klonopin was a real life saver. I no longer had any acute panic attacks but my anxiety was absolutely awful, pretty much anytime I wasn't under the effects of the drug. My DP was a living hell. I was sure that I'd never be back to normal. My symptoms were pretty typical, felt like I was seeing through someone else's eyes, trapped in my own head. Severe existential thoughts, moderate to severe depression.  Oddly, I would often experience intense anxiety after waking up from any nap, so I had to avoid that.   **First year -** no real progress, I had basically accepted my fate. Was pretty dependent on Klonopin and would get anxiety if I went anywhere without it. Life suckkeeedddddd. Like Sucked. Super duper sucked.   **Second year -**  An event happened that I believe was instrumental in my recovery -- I met a girl on tinder who would become my girlfriend for a year. I met this girl during the winter of my sophomore year who I absolutely fell head over heels for. Slowly but surely, over the course of that year, I recovered. She consumed all my time and we did everything together. My thoughts drifted slowly away from my condition, and while it was always present, it no longer had its grip on me, until one day I realized it wasn't present. I should also add that I was diagnosed with Bipolar 2 between my Freshman and Sophomore year after going hypomanic on anti-depressants. Shortly after meeting my girlfriend I was prescribed Lamictal, a drug given to bipolar patients in order to stabilize their moods. This also significantly helped. May actually have helped more. Not sure.  **Now, A little under three years later -**  well, my (then) girlfriend and I are no longer together, although things ended ok.     I'm a much happier person and I no longer have any real depression. I now get anxiety at times, but it's nothing compared to what I had during the last two years. I can enjoy life and while I consider myself "cured" of DP, I do ON OCCASION get it when I consume a large amount of carbs or randomly when I'm out hiking. Both of these things are comfortably avoidable, however. I also now take 250mg of lamictal daily to manage my bipolar.  It's getting late here so I'm sure my writing has been deteriorating, but I just want you guys to know that there's always hope. I know that while I was going through it I was 110% sure that this was something I'd have to live with for the rest of my life. Look at me now.   What I think DP is: Pretty much your brains way of shutting down and telling you to let it take over for a bit. It's like your brains autopilot to compensate for especially discomforting events, repressed or not.   In closing, I would say that this experience has opened my eyes to the importance of mental health. Before, I had no idea that depression and anxiety were real things, had always thought they were exaggerations of people who were just sad or on edge. While I was diagnosed with bipolar, I actually consider it to be a blessing. I'm rapid cycling, so every once and a while I'll have these crazy days where I'm either down or up. When I'm on my "highs" I get tons of things done and am super social and make friends and stuff, when I'm on my "lows" I hunker down with a good book or videogames for a few days and try not to think about it.  I take medication once a day, and will continue to do so for the rest of my life, but whatever, what's two seconds out of my day lol.   If you've read this entire thing, I'm impressed. I'm going to bed, but just recognize what you're feeling is probably not going to be forever (I say probably because some people report that they've had it for 20 years, but I believe even these people can recover too!) and likely will be shorter term like mine, or even shorter, provided the right circumstances. I think that if my girlfriend had not come along, or I had not been properly diagnosed, I'd probably still be in the same boat as 1 year in.  TL:DR - had never experienced any trauma/anxiety, was mildly depression, though. Ate weed brownie, freaked out, got DP. Got girlfriend, took medication, am better.  You guys got this!
8ziy9k,5067,5080,ADR,panic attacks,lamictal,lamictal,Recovery after three years of acquiring DP [TriggerWarning?] I'll be deleting this in a few days, just want to share my story in order to give hope to those who are currently in the rabbithole.   Edit: this is super long and kinda rambly, but I think it still provides some helpful insight to those struggling.   **BackStory:**  I was an 18 year old kid who had just graduated from highschool. I get attached to people really easily and my first girlfriend absolutely shattered my heart. I didn't want to move away from home to go to college 2000 miles away. Six months later, there I was anyway, miserable, lonely, and depressed, even though I had no idea what depression was at the time.   My dad was an Olympic rower so he eventually convinced me to join the school's rowing team. I'd wake up every morning at 5:30 to go and break my balls on the rowing machines 6 days a week. While I believe the exercise may initially have helped stave off depression (endorphins etc) I think it was actually a catalyst later on.  I had no real friends and couldn't connect with anyone except my roommate. He was my only real friend pretty much.      I first experienced DP during Winter break, roughly 5 months after school had started. My parents had flown out and we all went to a friends house to go skiing. I remember waking up one day and being confused about whether or not I was still asleep. I can only describe the feeling as confusion. Nothing made sense to me, it felt like I was in a dream and that my previous life was separate from the reality(lol, prob not the right word) I was currently living in. At the time the feelings weren't very strong, so when my dad told me I was probably just tired from being at school for so long, I believed him and for the most part put the DP on the backburner.   Fastforward 3 months. I had been back at school and it was spring break. Most kids go home during spring break to see their families but rowers have to stay at school to practice.   **Incident:**  During spring break, one night a few people from down the hall invited me into their room to try a weed edible. I broke off a piece of a (pre-packaged medical grade, definitely wasn't laced, more on that later) brownie and threw it down the hatch. For about 20 minutes it was all fun and games, I was laughing and having a good time. One of the guys suggested that I try something "crazy". He had me stand in front of a mirror and they turned on a bunch of strobe lights. I stood there, staring at myself, and suddenly didn't feel so good. Suddenly I couldn't control my thoughts and it felt like I was going crazy. At this point I was pretty much trying to save face because I knew something was wrong. I told them I wanted to go to my room to lie down, but it was obvious to them that something was wrong. I started running down the hallway to my room but stopped to throwup. Everything came out, and more.   I don't remember all the details perfectly but I know at one point I lied down on the ground and had them play and Enya song to calm me down. I distinctly remember feeling an incredible depression wash over me and in those few minutes I wanted nothing more to jump off a bridge and kill myself(I mean that literally, if I wasn't out of my mind I might have done something very stupid), the feeling was so incredibly intense. It was like 5 minutes of intense, acute depression that I have never experienced since. I also remember thinking to myself "Holy shit, this is like something out of an American Pie movie", and for some reason it felt super ironic, except that I couldn't escape the irony and it really hurt. I remember feeling like I had suddenly taken on the pain of everyone in the world in that moment, somehow. Anyway,  I told my "friends" to call an ambulance but they refused because they were scared of getting expelled, which in hindsight is pretty understandable. However I was also obviously not ok. For some reason I had stripped down to my underwear and was jogging in place, thinking to myself that if I could match my physical body with my heartrate everything would be better. When I realized it wasn't working I sprinted out of the building to the public saftey building our school has on campus. They strapped me down to a gurney and wheeled me into an ambulance like something straight out of a horror movie.   When I arrived at the hospital I literally couldn't think anymore. Nothing made sense and I couldn't recognize people's faces. There were a few doctors standing around me. One thing I do remember for some reason (probably because it scared the piss out of me) is one of the nurses whispering to another nurse that she was sure I was on acid or meth or something. My urine test turned up positive only for marijuana, much to everyone's surprise.   I awoke the next morning, exhausted. The hospital discharged me the next morning and called me a cab back to campus.  I won't go into anymore details but I'll give you an overview of the 2 years that followed.   **Two weeks following the incident -** I had severe, severe panic attacks, every day, all day, and got very little sleep. I didn't know what the F\*ck was going on. My world was flipped upside down. The school didn't know what to do with me. The school psychiatrists were dumbfounded and I had been into their offices every single day and I had to call the suicide hotline multiple times just so that I could make it until morning when their offices opened. Looking back, I don't know what the hell they were thinking. They should have hospitalized me or drugged me up, or something. Finally, my dad flew out to see me after getting off a scary phonecall with me in which I was having a severe panic attack and screaming in pain, and put me up in a hotel. I was prescribed Klonopin which finally put an end to the panic attacks. Prior to these two weeks I had never had any anxiety or panic, and couldn't even identify anxiety or panic when they hit me.   **6 months -**  Managed to stay in school after a long stay with my dad in the hotel. I failed a bunch of my classes but the klonopin was a real life saver. I no longer had any acute panic attacks but my anxiety was absolutely awful, pretty much anytime I wasn't under the effects of the drug. My DP was a living hell. I was sure that I'd never be back to normal. My symptoms were pretty typical, felt like I was seeing through someone else's eyes, trapped in my own head. Severe existential thoughts, moderate to severe depression.  Oddly, I would often experience intense anxiety after waking up from any nap, so I had to avoid that.   **First year -** no real progress, I had basically accepted my fate. Was pretty dependent on Klonopin and would get anxiety if I went anywhere without it. Life suckkeeedddddd. Like Sucked. Super duper sucked.   **Second year -**  An event happened that I believe was instrumental in my recovery -- I met a girl on tinder who would become my girlfriend for a year. I met this girl during the winter of my sophomore year who I absolutely fell head over heels for. Slowly but surely, over the course of that year, I recovered. She consumed all my time and we did everything together. My thoughts drifted slowly away from my condition, and while it was always present, it no longer had its grip on me, until one day I realized it wasn't present. I should also add that I was diagnosed with Bipolar 2 between my Freshman and Sophomore year after going hypomanic on anti-depressants. Shortly after meeting my girlfriend I was prescribed Lamictal, a drug given to bipolar patients in order to stabilize their moods. This also significantly helped. May actually have helped more. Not sure.  **Now, A little under three years later -**  well, my (then) girlfriend and I are no longer together, although things ended ok.     I'm a much happier person and I no longer have any real depression. I now get anxiety at times, but it's nothing compared to what I had during the last two years. I can enjoy life and while I consider myself "cured" of DP, I do ON OCCASION get it when I consume a large amount of carbs or randomly when I'm out hiking. Both of these things are comfortably avoidable, however. I also now take 250mg of lamictal daily to manage my bipolar.  It's getting late here so I'm sure my writing has been deteriorating, but I just want you guys to know that there's always hope. I know that while I was going through it I was 110% sure that this was something I'd have to live with for the rest of my life. Look at me now.   What I think DP is: Pretty much your brains way of shutting down and telling you to let it take over for a bit. It's like your brains autopilot to compensate for especially discomforting events, repressed or not.   In closing, I would say that this experience has opened my eyes to the importance of mental health. Before, I had no idea that depression and anxiety were real things, had always thought they were exaggerations of people who were just sad or on edge. While I was diagnosed with bipolar, I actually consider it to be a blessing. I'm rapid cycling, so every once and a while I'll have these crazy days where I'm either down or up. When I'm on my "highs" I get tons of things done and am super social and make friends and stuff, when I'm on my "lows" I hunker down with a good book or videogames for a few days and try not to think about it.  I take medication once a day, and will continue to do so for the rest of my life, but whatever, what's two seconds out of my day lol.   If you've read this entire thing, I'm impressed. I'm going to bed, but just recognize what you're feeling is probably not going to be forever (I say probably because some people report that they've had it for 20 years, but I believe even these people can recover too!) and likely will be shorter term like mine, or even shorter, provided the right circumstances. I think that if my girlfriend had not come along, or I had not been properly diagnosed, I'd probably still be in the same boat as 1 year in.  TL:DR - had never experienced any trauma/anxiety, was mildly depression, though. Ate weed brownie, freaked out, got DP. Got girlfriend, took medication, am better.  You guys got this!
8ziy9k,7448,7457,ADR,hypomanic,lamictal,lamictal,Recovery after three years of acquiring DP [TriggerWarning?] I'll be deleting this in a few days, just want to share my story in order to give hope to those who are currently in the rabbithole.   Edit: this is super long and kinda rambly, but I think it still provides some helpful insight to those struggling.   **BackStory:**  I was an 18 year old kid who had just graduated from highschool. I get attached to people really easily and my first girlfriend absolutely shattered my heart. I didn't want to move away from home to go to college 2000 miles away. Six months later, there I was anyway, miserable, lonely, and depressed, even though I had no idea what depression was at the time.   My dad was an Olympic rower so he eventually convinced me to join the school's rowing team. I'd wake up every morning at 5:30 to go and break my balls on the rowing machines 6 days a week. While I believe the exercise may initially have helped stave off depression (endorphins etc) I think it was actually a catalyst later on.  I had no real friends and couldn't connect with anyone except my roommate. He was my only real friend pretty much.      I first experienced DP during Winter break, roughly 5 months after school had started. My parents had flown out and we all went to a friends house to go skiing. I remember waking up one day and being confused about whether or not I was still asleep. I can only describe the feeling as confusion. Nothing made sense to me, it felt like I was in a dream and that my previous life was separate from the reality(lol, prob not the right word) I was currently living in. At the time the feelings weren't very strong, so when my dad told me I was probably just tired from being at school for so long, I believed him and for the most part put the DP on the backburner.   Fastforward 3 months. I had been back at school and it was spring break. Most kids go home during spring break to see their families but rowers have to stay at school to practice.   **Incident:**  During spring break, one night a few people from down the hall invited me into their room to try a weed edible. I broke off a piece of a (pre-packaged medical grade, definitely wasn't laced, more on that later) brownie and threw it down the hatch. For about 20 minutes it was all fun and games, I was laughing and having a good time. One of the guys suggested that I try something "crazy". He had me stand in front of a mirror and they turned on a bunch of strobe lights. I stood there, staring at myself, and suddenly didn't feel so good. Suddenly I couldn't control my thoughts and it felt like I was going crazy. At this point I was pretty much trying to save face because I knew something was wrong. I told them I wanted to go to my room to lie down, but it was obvious to them that something was wrong. I started running down the hallway to my room but stopped to throwup. Everything came out, and more.   I don't remember all the details perfectly but I know at one point I lied down on the ground and had them play and Enya song to calm me down. I distinctly remember feeling an incredible depression wash over me and in those few minutes I wanted nothing more to jump off a bridge and kill myself(I mean that literally, if I wasn't out of my mind I might have done something very stupid), the feeling was so incredibly intense. It was like 5 minutes of intense, acute depression that I have never experienced since. I also remember thinking to myself "Holy shit, this is like something out of an American Pie movie", and for some reason it felt super ironic, except that I couldn't escape the irony and it really hurt. I remember feeling like I had suddenly taken on the pain of everyone in the world in that moment, somehow. Anyway,  I told my "friends" to call an ambulance but they refused because they were scared of getting expelled, which in hindsight is pretty understandable. However I was also obviously not ok. For some reason I had stripped down to my underwear and was jogging in place, thinking to myself that if I could match my physical body with my heartrate everything would be better. When I realized it wasn't working I sprinted out of the building to the public saftey building our school has on campus. They strapped me down to a gurney and wheeled me into an ambulance like something straight out of a horror movie.   When I arrived at the hospital I literally couldn't think anymore. Nothing made sense and I couldn't recognize people's faces. There were a few doctors standing around me. One thing I do remember for some reason (probably because it scared the piss out of me) is one of the nurses whispering to another nurse that she was sure I was on acid or meth or something. My urine test turned up positive only for marijuana, much to everyone's surprise.   I awoke the next morning, exhausted. The hospital discharged me the next morning and called me a cab back to campus.  I won't go into anymore details but I'll give you an overview of the 2 years that followed.   **Two weeks following the incident -** I had severe, severe panic attacks, every day, all day, and got very little sleep. I didn't know what the F\*ck was going on. My world was flipped upside down. The school didn't know what to do with me. The school psychiatrists were dumbfounded and I had been into their offices every single day and I had to call the suicide hotline multiple times just so that I could make it until morning when their offices opened. Looking back, I don't know what the hell they were thinking. They should have hospitalized me or drugged me up, or something. Finally, my dad flew out to see me after getting off a scary phonecall with me in which I was having a severe panic attack and screaming in pain, and put me up in a hotel. I was prescribed Klonopin which finally put an end to the panic attacks. Prior to these two weeks I had never had any anxiety or panic, and couldn't even identify anxiety or panic when they hit me.   **6 months -**  Managed to stay in school after a long stay with my dad in the hotel. I failed a bunch of my classes but the klonopin was a real life saver. I no longer had any acute panic attacks but my anxiety was absolutely awful, pretty much anytime I wasn't under the effects of the drug. My DP was a living hell. I was sure that I'd never be back to normal. My symptoms were pretty typical, felt like I was seeing through someone else's eyes, trapped in my own head. Severe existential thoughts, moderate to severe depression.  Oddly, I would often experience intense anxiety after waking up from any nap, so I had to avoid that.   **First year -** no real progress, I had basically accepted my fate. Was pretty dependent on Klonopin and would get anxiety if I went anywhere without it. Life suckkeeedddddd. Like Sucked. Super duper sucked.   **Second year -**  An event happened that I believe was instrumental in my recovery -- I met a girl on tinder who would become my girlfriend for a year. I met this girl during the winter of my sophomore year who I absolutely fell head over heels for. Slowly but surely, over the course of that year, I recovered. She consumed all my time and we did everything together. My thoughts drifted slowly away from my condition, and while it was always present, it no longer had its grip on me, until one day I realized it wasn't present. I should also add that I was diagnosed with Bipolar 2 between my Freshman and Sophomore year after going hypomanic on anti-depressants. Shortly after meeting my girlfriend I was prescribed Lamictal, a drug given to bipolar patients in order to stabilize their moods. This also significantly helped. May actually have helped more. Not sure.  **Now, A little under three years later -**  well, my (then) girlfriend and I are no longer together, although things ended ok.     I'm a much happier person and I no longer have any real depression. I now get anxiety at times, but it's nothing compared to what I had during the last two years. I can enjoy life and while I consider myself "cured" of DP, I do ON OCCASION get it when I consume a large amount of carbs or randomly when I'm out hiking. Both of these things are comfortably avoidable, however. I also now take 250mg of lamictal daily to manage my bipolar.  It's getting late here so I'm sure my writing has been deteriorating, but I just want you guys to know that there's always hope. I know that while I was going through it I was 110% sure that this was something I'd have to live with for the rest of my life. Look at me now.   What I think DP is: Pretty much your brains way of shutting down and telling you to let it take over for a bit. It's like your brains autopilot to compensate for especially discomforting events, repressed or not.   In closing, I would say that this experience has opened my eyes to the importance of mental health. Before, I had no idea that depression and anxiety were real things, had always thought they were exaggerations of people who were just sad or on edge. While I was diagnosed with bipolar, I actually consider it to be a blessing. I'm rapid cycling, so every once and a while I'll have these crazy days where I'm either down or up. When I'm on my "highs" I get tons of things done and am super social and make friends and stuff, when I'm on my "lows" I hunker down with a good book or videogames for a few days and try not to think about it.  I take medication once a day, and will continue to do so for the rest of my life, but whatever, what's two seconds out of my day lol.   If you've read this entire thing, I'm impressed. I'm going to bed, but just recognize what you're feeling is probably not going to be forever (I say probably because some people report that they've had it for 20 years, but I believe even these people can recover too!) and likely will be shorter term like mine, or even shorter, provided the right circumstances. I think that if my girlfriend had not come along, or I had not been properly diagnosed, I'd probably still be in the same boat as 1 year in.  TL:DR - had never experienced any trauma/anxiety, was mildly depression, though. Ate weed brownie, freaked out, got DP. Got girlfriend, took medication, am better.  You guys got this!
8zg729,19,27,ADR,dreaming,lamictal,lamictal,Medication induced dreaming Lamictal is know for causing bizarre dreams, but I’m seriously about ready to start taking it in the am if these dreams don’t stop.  I am have issues with sensory things I think. I cannot watch violent movies, I can’t do concentric circles and I am easily disgusted by things other people don’t think twice about.   I keep having dreams that are torturing me with all of these things.  Last night I dreamt I was looking at my left knee (which I injured pretty badly about six months ago) and there was a little hole, maybe like a biggish blackhead. I squeezed it and a huge long version of the stuff that comes out of a blackhead came out, and I squeezed it again and it kept coming out. The hole was a little bigger. It didn’t hurt and no blood so I kept at it trying to get everything out. After a while I notice that the stuff coming out is now gray, then blue. It was freaking Walmart and grocery store plastic bags rolled up like rope! Why that was the part that grossed me out, I don’t know.  Why am I dreaming of things coming out of my body. Why am I dreaming of cysts at all. It’s been in my mind all day, almost taunting me.  My other dreams are just as bizarre lately too.
8zfhkr,201,216,ADR,general anxiety,lamictal,lamictal,Adding on an antidepressant? Hey guys,  I have bipolar 1, and I’ve been on 300mg Lamictal for about a year now, it’s been very helpful, but over the past few months I’ve had symptoms of pure-o ocd and general anxiety. The obsessive thoughts (obsession with the devil since I hallucinated that in my only manic episode; and that I’m gay, which I’m not) it can sometimes be paralyzing.   These symptoms have made me feel pretty down recently. What do you think about adding an antidepressant? Will the manic trigger of them be negated by the Lamictal? I’m thinking about antidepressants because frankly I’m scared of antipsychotics.
8zfhkr,242,251,ADR,obsession,lamictal,lamictal,Adding on an antidepressant? Hey guys,  I have bipolar 1, and I’ve been on 300mg Lamictal for about a year now, it’s been very helpful, but over the past few months I’ve had symptoms of pure-o ocd and general anxiety. The obsessive thoughts (obsession with the devil since I hallucinated that in my only manic episode; and that I’m gay, which I’m not) it can sometimes be paralyzing.   These symptoms have made me feel pretty down recently. What do you think about adding an antidepressant? Will the manic trigger of them be negated by the Lamictal? I’m thinking about antidepressants because frankly I’m scared of antipsychotics.
8zfhkr,275,287,ADR,hallucinated,lamictal,lamictal,Adding on an antidepressant? Hey guys,  I have bipolar 1, and I’ve been on 300mg Lamictal for about a year now, it’s been very helpful, but over the past few months I’ve had symptoms of pure-o ocd and general anxiety. The obsessive thoughts (obsession with the devil since I hallucinated that in my only manic episode; and that I’m gay, which I’m not) it can sometimes be paralyzing.   These symptoms have made me feel pretty down recently. What do you think about adding an antidepressant? Will the manic trigger of them be negated by the Lamictal? I’m thinking about antidepressants because frankly I’m scared of antipsychotics.
8zfhkr,304,317,ADR,manic episode,lamictal,lamictal,Adding on an antidepressant? Hey guys,  I have bipolar 1, and I’ve been on 300mg Lamictal for about a year now, it’s been very helpful, but over the past few months I’ve had symptoms of pure-o ocd and general anxiety. The obsessive thoughts (obsession with the devil since I hallucinated that in my only manic episode; and that I’m gay, which I’m not) it can sometimes be paralyzing.   These symptoms have made me feel pretty down recently. What do you think about adding an antidepressant? Will the manic trigger of them be negated by the Lamictal? I’m thinking about antidepressants because frankly I’m scared of antipsychotics.
8zesrv,420,428,ADR,euphoric,lamictal,lamictal,Can a person have bipolar disorder and be depressed all the time, even during manic episodes? Gonna start this with I had a psychiatrist that thought I was bipolar years ago (and technically another one in the mental hospital also thought I was bipolar, but that was because I was taken off my Adderall cold turkey which makes me appear manic af), but I dismissed it as I never had periods of time where I was primarily euphoric or anything. Just been depressed for years. Plus, the antipsychotics didn't work and the antidepressants supposedly didn't make me manic (or so I thought). Also going to point out that I just learned of unipolar mania and that fits my dad perfectly, he's so hypomanic omfg, plus he has severe rage issues... but no depression. My mom's cousin committed suicide because of her bipolar disorder, and I decided to try mood stabilizers for my own severe rage and... it looks like I might be having results for my overall mood, so now I'm wondering if maybe I actually have been bipolar.  I don't have the lack of sleep, but I am hypothyroid and vitamin D deficient and on some sedating meds anyway. But the past decade, I've ALWAYS been depressed. I've had episodes that seem very hypomanic - elevated mood, more optimistic, getting stuff done, like wow I'm on top of the world, sometimes I've even felt kinda powerful, but at the same time I was still depressed, in the same day I could feel deep depression and want to kill myself, it's always been there and it never goes away. The sadness is always there even on my best days. I haven't had anything like that in years (although I got close to it a few months ago, but went back to my severe depression and rage lmao). The closest I get to it is some days I feel better about myself, I have a higher self-esteem, but I don't feel good. I'm still miserable. I cry on an at least weekly basis, sometimes daily, and I've been doing so for many years.  I'm also terrified because I haven't responded to so many meds, or I get bad reactions to them. Lamictal was such a benign mood stabilizer and we never got to the full dose, but I got the rash guys, maybe it was the med for me but my stupid body rejected it. Tried Trileptal, had the salt issue. Am tapering off of Topamax now because it made me stop sweating at very low doses and I became dangerously overheated and ended up in the hospital. Now I have Depakote. I can't be around people because of my rage, this has to work. I'm literally scared of myself.  Anyway, sorry for that rant. I'm not really asking for a diagnosis, just saying that I feel like I have a lot of evidence of bipolar disorder (including the fact that two psychiatrists thought I had it), but at the same time I don't experience this euphoria everyone speaks of, and I don't really seem to go back and forth either. This makes me feel kind of bitter, because how could I have bipolar if I'm never really happy? Maybe it's just depression? It doesn't make sense to me. I've been assuming it's just depression for years, but my psychiatric nurse practitioner looked so excited when I told her Topamax was helping my mood and she was very excited to prescribe Depakote. I'm really confused...
8zesrv,722,726,ADR,rage,lamictal,lamictal,Can a person have bipolar disorder and be depressed all the time, even during manic episodes? Gonna start this with I had a psychiatrist that thought I was bipolar years ago (and technically another one in the mental hospital also thought I was bipolar, but that was because I was taken off my Adderall cold turkey which makes me appear manic af), but I dismissed it as I never had periods of time where I was primarily euphoric or anything. Just been depressed for years. Plus, the antipsychotics didn't work and the antidepressants supposedly didn't make me manic (or so I thought). Also going to point out that I just learned of unipolar mania and that fits my dad perfectly, he's so hypomanic omfg, plus he has severe rage issues... but no depression. My mom's cousin committed suicide because of her bipolar disorder, and I decided to try mood stabilizers for my own severe rage and... it looks like I might be having results for my overall mood, so now I'm wondering if maybe I actually have been bipolar.  I don't have the lack of sleep, but I am hypothyroid and vitamin D deficient and on some sedating meds anyway. But the past decade, I've ALWAYS been depressed. I've had episodes that seem very hypomanic - elevated mood, more optimistic, getting stuff done, like wow I'm on top of the world, sometimes I've even felt kinda powerful, but at the same time I was still depressed, in the same day I could feel deep depression and want to kill myself, it's always been there and it never goes away. The sadness is always there even on my best days. I haven't had anything like that in years (although I got close to it a few months ago, but went back to my severe depression and rage lmao). The closest I get to it is some days I feel better about myself, I have a higher self-esteem, but I don't feel good. I'm still miserable. I cry on an at least weekly basis, sometimes daily, and I've been doing so for many years.  I'm also terrified because I haven't responded to so many meds, or I get bad reactions to them. Lamictal was such a benign mood stabilizer and we never got to the full dose, but I got the rash guys, maybe it was the med for me but my stupid body rejected it. Tried Trileptal, had the salt issue. Am tapering off of Topamax now because it made me stop sweating at very low doses and I became dangerously overheated and ended up in the hospital. Now I have Depakote. I can't be around people because of my rage, this has to work. I'm literally scared of myself.  Anyway, sorry for that rant. I'm not really asking for a diagnosis, just saying that I feel like I have a lot of evidence of bipolar disorder (including the fact that two psychiatrists thought I had it), but at the same time I don't experience this euphoria everyone speaks of, and I don't really seem to go back and forth either. This makes me feel kind of bitter, because how could I have bipolar if I'm never really happy? Maybe it's just depression? It doesn't make sense to me. I've been assuming it's just depression for years, but my psychiatric nurse practitioner looked so excited when I told her Topamax was helping my mood and she was very excited to prescribe Depakote. I'm really confused...
8zeess,726,731,ADR,crazy,lamictal,lamictal,random OVERWHELMING urge to SCREAM?! I am diagnosed manic depressive and was put on Lamictal a little over 2mo ago. sometimes after I’ve had caffeine, maybe an hour later I’ll have this tight ball of energy in my chest that feels uncontrollable. I become very afraid that I’ll scream like I’ve been stabbed, just shriek bloody murder. It takes a lot of control not to let it out and my whole body feels under attack. I want to like, throw myself into a wall and bang my head into a wall to make it stop. Or tear myself from my skin.  I’m going to talk it out with my doctor because today it happened while I was on a 3 hour flight, and I thought of the repercussions and how awful that would be. I am so worried I’m becoming “crazy” (I dislike that word) but gosh I feel like I’m losing my mind...This didn’t happen before the lamictal really, I mean, the only people i’ve seen scream like I fantasize about are toddlers and frustrated people. But i had no reason to be frustrated, its usually random.   Does anyone experience something of the like?   TLDR: Massive urge to scream, literally, have to bite my lip bloody not to. Insatiable rage from nowhere. What’s going on?
8zdld0,129,137,ADR,addicted,lamictal,lamictal,Psycho looking for friends. I am 17. I play guitar. I can’t leave my house, even my room sometimes because of my condition. I am addicted to watching people being slaughtered and murdered brutally, hearing their petty screams as they drown in their blood. Now that’s my ASMR. Back to the subject. I am a terrible person, I barely talk in real life. Barely as in almost never, unless it is very very necessary. I take 10 pills a day (sometimes more because I take Euro D since I never go out and I need the vitamins and whatever) including ritaline, cipralex, lamictal, and concerta (not sure if I spelled them right). When I am not on medication I COMPLETELY avoid social media. The effect of the above meds last approximately 4 to 5 hours (except lamictal I think because I’m taking the 100g pill. Twice a day.) thing is, that barely happens. Like, me being awake when my meds wear off. They wear off at like 2 am (as in completely wear off) so yeah. What else is there to say?
8zcwkl,56,66,ADR,withdrawal,lamictal,lamictal,Seeking support on continuing to endure my never ending withdrawal from hell. A "hang in there" would be nice. So I've overcome a lot of my old issues and am also in a very good relationship with the nicest person I've ever met. Aside from the withdrawal I've been going through since the start of May, my main issues were just anxiety and insomnia so I figured why take chemicals I don't need that are likely only causing issues and also contributing to my insomnia. So first I quit Lamictal and now I'm in the process of quitting Risperidone. I've vomited so many times and have gotten so many migraines and have had to sit in the dark vomiting way more than I thought I would have to. I've been extremely exhausted and fatigued and achy and dizzy and have fallen numerous times. Now I'm almost always hot and sweaty. The Lamictal withdrawal gave me wilder mood swings than this one and also made me itchy, but now I'm mostly just grumpy and sad all the time. The last 3 months have felt like a strange blur of confusion. Dissociation here and there for both. My appetite has been off. And I'm so god damn anxious constantly. And it's harder to focus on just about anything. It's also super hard to enjoy anything. Mostly I've just felt like doing absolutely nothing (but I force myself to try to enjoy doing things). Shaky hands sometimes too. It could last more than 3 more months...  The shittiest part about all of this is that I'm basically on my own dealing with it aside from my boyfriend being there for me. Doctors, pharmacists, and therapists really aren't helpful and I got no real warning, which I think is severely fucked up. Nope, psychiatrists are just trained to get you hooked on addictive substances (without warning you about it) because that's apparently the way our society is. Is it just assumed everyone is supposed to take this shit for life?   I just can't get over how fucked up this entire situation is. I mean there are trained professionals out there helping recovering alcoholics and illegal drug users but I didn't even want to take any of this shit in the first place (it was basically forced upon me) and there's no one out there to help me with the process of getting this poison out of my system. It's bullshit. Where's my god damn support group? Am I being punished for getting addicted to prescribed meds instead of illegal drugs? It is so messed up.  Anyways, I'm not really looking for advice anymore because it has become clear to me that there's no one out there to give any, so I guess I could just use some words of encouragement as I continue to endure this summer from hell that hopefully won't extend too far into autumn.
8zcwkl,328,335,ADR,anxiety,lamictal,lamictal,Seeking support on continuing to endure my never ending withdrawal from hell. A "hang in there" would be nice. So I've overcome a lot of my old issues and am also in a very good relationship with the nicest person I've ever met. Aside from the withdrawal I've been going through since the start of May, my main issues were just anxiety and insomnia so I figured why take chemicals I don't need that are likely only causing issues and also contributing to my insomnia. So first I quit Lamictal and now I'm in the process of quitting Risperidone. I've vomited so many times and have gotten so many migraines and have had to sit in the dark vomiting way more than I thought I would have to. I've been extremely exhausted and fatigued and achy and dizzy and have fallen numerous times. Now I'm almost always hot and sweaty. The Lamictal withdrawal gave me wilder mood swings than this one and also made me itchy, but now I'm mostly just grumpy and sad all the time. The last 3 months have felt like a strange blur of confusion. Dissociation here and there for both. My appetite has been off. And I'm so god damn anxious constantly. And it's harder to focus on just about anything. It's also super hard to enjoy anything. Mostly I've just felt like doing absolutely nothing (but I force myself to try to enjoy doing things). Shaky hands sometimes too. It could last more than 3 more months...  The shittiest part about all of this is that I'm basically on my own dealing with it aside from my boyfriend being there for me. Doctors, pharmacists, and therapists really aren't helpful and I got no real warning, which I think is severely fucked up. Nope, psychiatrists are just trained to get you hooked on addictive substances (without warning you about it) because that's apparently the way our society is. Is it just assumed everyone is supposed to take this shit for life?   I just can't get over how fucked up this entire situation is. I mean there are trained professionals out there helping recovering alcoholics and illegal drug users but I didn't even want to take any of this shit in the first place (it was basically forced upon me) and there's no one out there to help me with the process of getting this poison out of my system. It's bullshit. Where's my god damn support group? Am I being punished for getting addicted to prescribed meds instead of illegal drugs? It is so messed up.  Anyways, I'm not really looking for advice anymore because it has become clear to me that there's no one out there to give any, so I guess I could just use some words of encouragement as I continue to endure this summer from hell that hopefully won't extend too far into autumn.
8zcwkl,340,348,ADR,insomnia,lamictal,lamictal,Seeking support on continuing to endure my never ending withdrawal from hell. A "hang in there" would be nice. So I've overcome a lot of my old issues and am also in a very good relationship with the nicest person I've ever met. Aside from the withdrawal I've been going through since the start of May, my main issues were just anxiety and insomnia so I figured why take chemicals I don't need that are likely only causing issues and also contributing to my insomnia. So first I quit Lamictal and now I'm in the process of quitting Risperidone. I've vomited so many times and have gotten so many migraines and have had to sit in the dark vomiting way more than I thought I would have to. I've been extremely exhausted and fatigued and achy and dizzy and have fallen numerous times. Now I'm almost always hot and sweaty. The Lamictal withdrawal gave me wilder mood swings than this one and also made me itchy, but now I'm mostly just grumpy and sad all the time. The last 3 months have felt like a strange blur of confusion. Dissociation here and there for both. My appetite has been off. And I'm so god damn anxious constantly. And it's harder to focus on just about anything. It's also super hard to enjoy anything. Mostly I've just felt like doing absolutely nothing (but I force myself to try to enjoy doing things). Shaky hands sometimes too. It could last more than 3 more months...  The shittiest part about all of this is that I'm basically on my own dealing with it aside from my boyfriend being there for me. Doctors, pharmacists, and therapists really aren't helpful and I got no real warning, which I think is severely fucked up. Nope, psychiatrists are just trained to get you hooked on addictive substances (without warning you about it) because that's apparently the way our society is. Is it just assumed everyone is supposed to take this shit for life?   I just can't get over how fucked up this entire situation is. I mean there are trained professionals out there helping recovering alcoholics and illegal drug users but I didn't even want to take any of this shit in the first place (it was basically forced upon me) and there's no one out there to help me with the process of getting this poison out of my system. It's bullshit. Where's my god damn support group? Am I being punished for getting addicted to prescribed meds instead of illegal drugs? It is so messed up.  Anyways, I'm not really looking for advice anymore because it has become clear to me that there's no one out there to give any, so I guess I could just use some words of encouragement as I continue to endure this summer from hell that hopefully won't extend too far into autumn.
8zcwkl,550,557,ADR,vomited,lamictal,lamictal,Seeking support on continuing to endure my never ending withdrawal from hell. A "hang in there" would be nice. So I've overcome a lot of my old issues and am also in a very good relationship with the nicest person I've ever met. Aside from the withdrawal I've been going through since the start of May, my main issues were just anxiety and insomnia so I figured why take chemicals I don't need that are likely only causing issues and also contributing to my insomnia. So first I quit Lamictal and now I'm in the process of quitting Risperidone. I've vomited so many times and have gotten so many migraines and have had to sit in the dark vomiting way more than I thought I would have to. I've been extremely exhausted and fatigued and achy and dizzy and have fallen numerous times. Now I'm almost always hot and sweaty. The Lamictal withdrawal gave me wilder mood swings than this one and also made me itchy, but now I'm mostly just grumpy and sad all the time. The last 3 months have felt like a strange blur of confusion. Dissociation here and there for both. My appetite has been off. And I'm so god damn anxious constantly. And it's harder to focus on just about anything. It's also super hard to enjoy anything. Mostly I've just felt like doing absolutely nothing (but I force myself to try to enjoy doing things). Shaky hands sometimes too. It could last more than 3 more months...  The shittiest part about all of this is that I'm basically on my own dealing with it aside from my boyfriend being there for me. Doctors, pharmacists, and therapists really aren't helpful and I got no real warning, which I think is severely fucked up. Nope, psychiatrists are just trained to get you hooked on addictive substances (without warning you about it) because that's apparently the way our society is. Is it just assumed everyone is supposed to take this shit for life?   I just can't get over how fucked up this entire situation is. I mean there are trained professionals out there helping recovering alcoholics and illegal drug users but I didn't even want to take any of this shit in the first place (it was basically forced upon me) and there's no one out there to help me with the process of getting this poison out of my system. It's bullshit. Where's my god damn support group? Am I being punished for getting addicted to prescribed meds instead of illegal drugs? It is so messed up.  Anyways, I'm not really looking for advice anymore because it has become clear to me that there's no one out there to give any, so I guess I could just use some words of encouragement as I continue to endure this summer from hell that hopefully won't extend too far into autumn.
8zcwkl,596,605,ADR,migraines,lamictal,lamictal,Seeking support on continuing to endure my never ending withdrawal from hell. A "hang in there" would be nice. So I've overcome a lot of my old issues and am also in a very good relationship with the nicest person I've ever met. Aside from the withdrawal I've been going through since the start of May, my main issues were just anxiety and insomnia so I figured why take chemicals I don't need that are likely only causing issues and also contributing to my insomnia. So first I quit Lamictal and now I'm in the process of quitting Risperidone. I've vomited so many times and have gotten so many migraines and have had to sit in the dark vomiting way more than I thought I would have to. I've been extremely exhausted and fatigued and achy and dizzy and have fallen numerous times. Now I'm almost always hot and sweaty. The Lamictal withdrawal gave me wilder mood swings than this one and also made me itchy, but now I'm mostly just grumpy and sad all the time. The last 3 months have felt like a strange blur of confusion. Dissociation here and there for both. My appetite has been off. And I'm so god damn anxious constantly. And it's harder to focus on just about anything. It's also super hard to enjoy anything. Mostly I've just felt like doing absolutely nothing (but I force myself to try to enjoy doing things). Shaky hands sometimes too. It could last more than 3 more months...  The shittiest part about all of this is that I'm basically on my own dealing with it aside from my boyfriend being there for me. Doctors, pharmacists, and therapists really aren't helpful and I got no real warning, which I think is severely fucked up. Nope, psychiatrists are just trained to get you hooked on addictive substances (without warning you about it) because that's apparently the way our society is. Is it just assumed everyone is supposed to take this shit for life?   I just can't get over how fucked up this entire situation is. I mean there are trained professionals out there helping recovering alcoholics and illegal drug users but I didn't even want to take any of this shit in the first place (it was basically forced upon me) and there's no one out there to help me with the process of getting this poison out of my system. It's bullshit. Where's my god damn support group? Am I being punished for getting addicted to prescribed meds instead of illegal drugs? It is so messed up.  Anyways, I'm not really looking for advice anymore because it has become clear to me that there's no one out there to give any, so I guess I could just use some words of encouragement as I continue to endure this summer from hell that hopefully won't extend too far into autumn.
8zcwkl,708,717,ADR,exhausted,lamictal,lamictal,Seeking support on continuing to endure my never ending withdrawal from hell. A "hang in there" would be nice. So I've overcome a lot of my old issues and am also in a very good relationship with the nicest person I've ever met. Aside from the withdrawal I've been going through since the start of May, my main issues were just anxiety and insomnia so I figured why take chemicals I don't need that are likely only causing issues and also contributing to my insomnia. So first I quit Lamictal and now I'm in the process of quitting Risperidone. I've vomited so many times and have gotten so many migraines and have had to sit in the dark vomiting way more than I thought I would have to. I've been extremely exhausted and fatigued and achy and dizzy and have fallen numerous times. Now I'm almost always hot and sweaty. The Lamictal withdrawal gave me wilder mood swings than this one and also made me itchy, but now I'm mostly just grumpy and sad all the time. The last 3 months have felt like a strange blur of confusion. Dissociation here and there for both. My appetite has been off. And I'm so god damn anxious constantly. And it's harder to focus on just about anything. It's also super hard to enjoy anything. Mostly I've just felt like doing absolutely nothing (but I force myself to try to enjoy doing things). Shaky hands sometimes too. It could last more than 3 more months...  The shittiest part about all of this is that I'm basically on my own dealing with it aside from my boyfriend being there for me. Doctors, pharmacists, and therapists really aren't helpful and I got no real warning, which I think is severely fucked up. Nope, psychiatrists are just trained to get you hooked on addictive substances (without warning you about it) because that's apparently the way our society is. Is it just assumed everyone is supposed to take this shit for life?   I just can't get over how fucked up this entire situation is. I mean there are trained professionals out there helping recovering alcoholics and illegal drug users but I didn't even want to take any of this shit in the first place (it was basically forced upon me) and there's no one out there to help me with the process of getting this poison out of my system. It's bullshit. Where's my god damn support group? Am I being punished for getting addicted to prescribed meds instead of illegal drugs? It is so messed up.  Anyways, I'm not really looking for advice anymore because it has become clear to me that there's no one out there to give any, so I guess I could just use some words of encouragement as I continue to endure this summer from hell that hopefully won't extend too far into autumn.
8zcwkl,804,818,ADR,hot and sweaty,lamictal,lamictal,Seeking support on continuing to endure my never ending withdrawal from hell. A "hang in there" would be nice. So I've overcome a lot of my old issues and am also in a very good relationship with the nicest person I've ever met. Aside from the withdrawal I've been going through since the start of May, my main issues were just anxiety and insomnia so I figured why take chemicals I don't need that are likely only causing issues and also contributing to my insomnia. So first I quit Lamictal and now I'm in the process of quitting Risperidone. I've vomited so many times and have gotten so many migraines and have had to sit in the dark vomiting way more than I thought I would have to. I've been extremely exhausted and fatigued and achy and dizzy and have fallen numerous times. Now I'm almost always hot and sweaty. The Lamictal withdrawal gave me wilder mood swings than this one and also made me itchy, but now I'm mostly just grumpy and sad all the time. The last 3 months have felt like a strange blur of confusion. Dissociation here and there for both. My appetite has been off. And I'm so god damn anxious constantly. And it's harder to focus on just about anything. It's also super hard to enjoy anything. Mostly I've just felt like doing absolutely nothing (but I force myself to try to enjoy doing things). Shaky hands sometimes too. It could last more than 3 more months...  The shittiest part about all of this is that I'm basically on my own dealing with it aside from my boyfriend being there for me. Doctors, pharmacists, and therapists really aren't helpful and I got no real warning, which I think is severely fucked up. Nope, psychiatrists are just trained to get you hooked on addictive substances (without warning you about it) because that's apparently the way our society is. Is it just assumed everyone is supposed to take this shit for life?   I just can't get over how fucked up this entire situation is. I mean there are trained professionals out there helping recovering alcoholics and illegal drug users but I didn't even want to take any of this shit in the first place (it was basically forced upon me) and there's no one out there to help me with the process of getting this poison out of my system. It's bullshit. Where's my god damn support group? Am I being punished for getting addicted to prescribed meds instead of illegal drugs? It is so messed up.  Anyways, I'm not really looking for advice anymore because it has become clear to me that there's no one out there to give any, so I guess I could just use some words of encouragement as I continue to endure this summer from hell that hopefully won't extend too far into autumn.
8zcwkl,859,870,ADR,mood swings,lamictal,lamictal,Seeking support on continuing to endure my never ending withdrawal from hell. A "hang in there" would be nice. So I've overcome a lot of my old issues and am also in a very good relationship with the nicest person I've ever met. Aside from the withdrawal I've been going through since the start of May, my main issues were just anxiety and insomnia so I figured why take chemicals I don't need that are likely only causing issues and also contributing to my insomnia. So first I quit Lamictal and now I'm in the process of quitting Risperidone. I've vomited so many times and have gotten so many migraines and have had to sit in the dark vomiting way more than I thought I would have to. I've been extremely exhausted and fatigued and achy and dizzy and have fallen numerous times. Now I'm almost always hot and sweaty. The Lamictal withdrawal gave me wilder mood swings than this one and also made me itchy, but now I'm mostly just grumpy and sad all the time. The last 3 months have felt like a strange blur of confusion. Dissociation here and there for both. My appetite has been off. And I'm so god damn anxious constantly. And it's harder to focus on just about anything. It's also super hard to enjoy anything. Mostly I've just felt like doing absolutely nothing (but I force myself to try to enjoy doing things). Shaky hands sometimes too. It could last more than 3 more months...  The shittiest part about all of this is that I'm basically on my own dealing with it aside from my boyfriend being there for me. Doctors, pharmacists, and therapists really aren't helpful and I got no real warning, which I think is severely fucked up. Nope, psychiatrists are just trained to get you hooked on addictive substances (without warning you about it) because that's apparently the way our society is. Is it just assumed everyone is supposed to take this shit for life?   I just can't get over how fucked up this entire situation is. I mean there are trained professionals out there helping recovering alcoholics and illegal drug users but I didn't even want to take any of this shit in the first place (it was basically forced upon me) and there's no one out there to help me with the process of getting this poison out of my system. It's bullshit. Where's my god damn support group? Am I being punished for getting addicted to prescribed meds instead of illegal drugs? It is so messed up.  Anyways, I'm not really looking for advice anymore because it has become clear to me that there's no one out there to give any, so I guess I could just use some words of encouragement as I continue to endure this summer from hell that hopefully won't extend too far into autumn.
8zcwkl,1108,1115,ADR,anxious,lamictal,lamictal,Seeking support on continuing to endure my never ending withdrawal from hell. A "hang in there" would be nice. So I've overcome a lot of my old issues and am also in a very good relationship with the nicest person I've ever met. Aside from the withdrawal I've been going through since the start of May, my main issues were just anxiety and insomnia so I figured why take chemicals I don't need that are likely only causing issues and also contributing to my insomnia. So first I quit Lamictal and now I'm in the process of quitting Risperidone. I've vomited so many times and have gotten so many migraines and have had to sit in the dark vomiting way more than I thought I would have to. I've been extremely exhausted and fatigued and achy and dizzy and have fallen numerous times. Now I'm almost always hot and sweaty. The Lamictal withdrawal gave me wilder mood swings than this one and also made me itchy, but now I'm mostly just grumpy and sad all the time. The last 3 months have felt like a strange blur of confusion. Dissociation here and there for both. My appetite has been off. And I'm so god damn anxious constantly. And it's harder to focus on just about anything. It's also super hard to enjoy anything. Mostly I've just felt like doing absolutely nothing (but I force myself to try to enjoy doing things). Shaky hands sometimes too. It could last more than 3 more months...  The shittiest part about all of this is that I'm basically on my own dealing with it aside from my boyfriend being there for me. Doctors, pharmacists, and therapists really aren't helpful and I got no real warning, which I think is severely fucked up. Nope, psychiatrists are just trained to get you hooked on addictive substances (without warning you about it) because that's apparently the way our society is. Is it just assumed everyone is supposed to take this shit for life?   I just can't get over how fucked up this entire situation is. I mean there are trained professionals out there helping recovering alcoholics and illegal drug users but I didn't even want to take any of this shit in the first place (it was basically forced upon me) and there's no one out there to help me with the process of getting this poison out of my system. It's bullshit. Where's my god damn support group? Am I being punished for getting addicted to prescribed meds instead of illegal drugs? It is so messed up.  Anyways, I'm not really looking for advice anymore because it has become clear to me that there's no one out there to give any, so I guess I could just use some words of encouragement as I continue to endure this summer from hell that hopefully won't extend too far into autumn.
8zcwkl,1320,1331,ADR,Shaky hands,lamictal,lamictal,Seeking support on continuing to endure my never ending withdrawal from hell. A "hang in there" would be nice. So I've overcome a lot of my old issues and am also in a very good relationship with the nicest person I've ever met. Aside from the withdrawal I've been going through since the start of May, my main issues were just anxiety and insomnia so I figured why take chemicals I don't need that are likely only causing issues and also contributing to my insomnia. So first I quit Lamictal and now I'm in the process of quitting Risperidone. I've vomited so many times and have gotten so many migraines and have had to sit in the dark vomiting way more than I thought I would have to. I've been extremely exhausted and fatigued and achy and dizzy and have fallen numerous times. Now I'm almost always hot and sweaty. The Lamictal withdrawal gave me wilder mood swings than this one and also made me itchy, but now I'm mostly just grumpy and sad all the time. The last 3 months have felt like a strange blur of confusion. Dissociation here and there for both. My appetite has been off. And I'm so god damn anxious constantly. And it's harder to focus on just about anything. It's also super hard to enjoy anything. Mostly I've just felt like doing absolutely nothing (but I force myself to try to enjoy doing things). Shaky hands sometimes too. It could last more than 3 more months...  The shittiest part about all of this is that I'm basically on my own dealing with it aside from my boyfriend being there for me. Doctors, pharmacists, and therapists really aren't helpful and I got no real warning, which I think is severely fucked up. Nope, psychiatrists are just trained to get you hooked on addictive substances (without warning you about it) because that's apparently the way our society is. Is it just assumed everyone is supposed to take this shit for life?   I just can't get over how fucked up this entire situation is. I mean there are trained professionals out there helping recovering alcoholics and illegal drug users but I didn't even want to take any of this shit in the first place (it was basically forced upon me) and there's no one out there to help me with the process of getting this poison out of my system. It's bullshit. Where's my god damn support group? Am I being punished for getting addicted to prescribed meds instead of illegal drugs? It is so messed up.  Anyways, I'm not really looking for advice anymore because it has become clear to me that there's no one out there to give any, so I guess I could just use some words of encouragement as I continue to endure this summer from hell that hopefully won't extend too far into autumn.
8zcwkl,1699,1708,ADR,addictive,lamictal,lamictal,Seeking support on continuing to endure my never ending withdrawal from hell. A "hang in there" would be nice. So I've overcome a lot of my old issues and am also in a very good relationship with the nicest person I've ever met. Aside from the withdrawal I've been going through since the start of May, my main issues were just anxiety and insomnia so I figured why take chemicals I don't need that are likely only causing issues and also contributing to my insomnia. So first I quit Lamictal and now I'm in the process of quitting Risperidone. I've vomited so many times and have gotten so many migraines and have had to sit in the dark vomiting way more than I thought I would have to. I've been extremely exhausted and fatigued and achy and dizzy and have fallen numerous times. Now I'm almost always hot and sweaty. The Lamictal withdrawal gave me wilder mood swings than this one and also made me itchy, but now I'm mostly just grumpy and sad all the time. The last 3 months have felt like a strange blur of confusion. Dissociation here and there for both. My appetite has been off. And I'm so god damn anxious constantly. And it's harder to focus on just about anything. It's also super hard to enjoy anything. Mostly I've just felt like doing absolutely nothing (but I force myself to try to enjoy doing things). Shaky hands sometimes too. It could last more than 3 more months...  The shittiest part about all of this is that I'm basically on my own dealing with it aside from my boyfriend being there for me. Doctors, pharmacists, and therapists really aren't helpful and I got no real warning, which I think is severely fucked up. Nope, psychiatrists are just trained to get you hooked on addictive substances (without warning you about it) because that's apparently the way our society is. Is it just assumed everyone is supposed to take this shit for life?   I just can't get over how fucked up this entire situation is. I mean there are trained professionals out there helping recovering alcoholics and illegal drug users but I didn't even want to take any of this shit in the first place (it was basically forced upon me) and there's no one out there to help me with the process of getting this poison out of my system. It's bullshit. Where's my god damn support group? Am I being punished for getting addicted to prescribed meds instead of illegal drugs? It is so messed up.  Anyways, I'm not really looking for advice anymore because it has become clear to me that there's no one out there to give any, so I guess I could just use some words of encouragement as I continue to endure this summer from hell that hopefully won't extend too far into autumn.
8zc3wc,130,139,ADR,no libido,lamictal,lamictal,Does anyone else here have troubles with libido since starting Lamictal? I just posted over at r/sex and realized that my issues (no libido, can’t get wet, vaginitis) might be linked to lamictal. I’ve been taking 200mg for 6 years (since I was 19) and only started noticing this 2 years ago. Just thought I’d reach out and see if anyone else is having similar issues or problems with hormone levels. Going to see my doctor next month.
8zc3wc,156,165,ADR,vaginitis,lamictal,lamictal,Does anyone else here have troubles with libido since starting Lamictal? I just posted over at r/sex and realized that my issues (no libido, can’t get wet, vaginitis) might be linked to lamictal. I’ve been taking 200mg for 6 years (since I was 19) and only started noticing this 2 years ago. Just thought I’d reach out and see if anyone else is having similar issues or problems with hormone levels. Going to see my doctor next month.
8z9v7i,255,268,ADR,panic attacks,lamictal,lamictal,Mood Stabilizer Only? I’m curious to hear about your experiences with meds.  I’m currently on 300 mg 24 hr Wellbutrin, 200mg Lamictal, 100mg Trazadone (as needed for sleep issues) and I have .5 mg Klonopin that I’ve taken a total of 3 times in a year for panic attacks at night.  My SO (long term) and I are having some very serious issues right now and although it’s not directly related, he told me the other night that he believes most of my depression and anxiety stem from situational issues. While I know that he’s correct that life has affected these things, and I’ve had conversations with my therapist and pdoc about the possibility, I’ve been really stewing on it for a few days.  I’m going to mention his concerns to my therapist this week and see what she thinks. I told him that once we have resolved some of our physical issues (finances, etc., not relationship issues), I may try to reduce my meds to just the Lamictal to see what effect it has.  Does this seem possible? Has anyone managed this?
8z9v7i,445,455,ADR,depression,lamictal,lamictal,Mood Stabilizer Only? I’m curious to hear about your experiences with meds.  I’m currently on 300 mg 24 hr Wellbutrin, 200mg Lamictal, 100mg Trazadone (as needed for sleep issues) and I have .5 mg Klonopin that I’ve taken a total of 3 times in a year for panic attacks at night.  My SO (long term) and I are having some very serious issues right now and although it’s not directly related, he told me the other night that he believes most of my depression and anxiety stem from situational issues. While I know that he’s correct that life has affected these things, and I’ve had conversations with my therapist and pdoc about the possibility, I’ve been really stewing on it for a few days.  I’m going to mention his concerns to my therapist this week and see what she thinks. I told him that once we have resolved some of our physical issues (finances, etc., not relationship issues), I may try to reduce my meds to just the Lamictal to see what effect it has.  Does this seem possible? Has anyone managed this?
8z9v7i,460,467,ADR,anxiety,lamictal,lamictal,Mood Stabilizer Only? I’m curious to hear about your experiences with meds.  I’m currently on 300 mg 24 hr Wellbutrin, 200mg Lamictal, 100mg Trazadone (as needed for sleep issues) and I have .5 mg Klonopin that I’ve taken a total of 3 times in a year for panic attacks at night.  My SO (long term) and I are having some very serious issues right now and although it’s not directly related, he told me the other night that he believes most of my depression and anxiety stem from situational issues. While I know that he’s correct that life has affected these things, and I’ve had conversations with my therapist and pdoc about the possibility, I’ve been really stewing on it for a few days.  I’m going to mention his concerns to my therapist this week and see what she thinks. I told him that once we have resolved some of our physical issues (finances, etc., not relationship issues), I may try to reduce my meds to just the Lamictal to see what effect it has.  Does this seem possible? Has anyone managed this?
8z5jha,171,176,ADR,auras,lamictal,lamictal,Annoying TL Epilepsy When I was about 32 I started getting these weird events which I later found out was TLE.  Likely caused by a bad concussion as a boy.  The ‘pre-turn auras’ were being sensitive to strong smells or flavours a week or less before the turns.  The turns start with a sudden odd feeling in the head, staring and then nausea, flushes a string citrus smell and taste and odd emotions. Quick onset and plateau and two minutes later perfectly fine again.  What my Neuro found odd was how regular it is. Every 4 weeks to the day or so I’d get a cluster of 4-10 turns over two days with the ‘pre-auras’ starting a week or so before   The following week I’d get more ‘post-turn’ auras and turns but very diminished with little ‘blips’ lasting a second every 5 minutes or so all day. The auras are weird and the blip can be triggered by certain music, overcast light, strange images (like pictures)  The lamictal didn’t seem to work and there was another I forget that I reacted badly to. I was at the point where I was accepting I just would this annoying thing for the rest of my life. My work desk bound me and I almost lost my licence. It took about two years of medication swaps and dose increases but I’m on 200 mg lamictal and 200 keppra a day and it’s been 5 months since a turn.  Has anyone else had similar experiences with TLE particularly the defined cycle and auras triggered by light etc?  Thanks for reading
8z5i2g,22,28,ADR,mania.,lamictal,lamictal,Starting Lamictal and mania. What is your experience with starting Lamictal?  Did you get manic/hypo?  If so, when? 1st week? 2nd week?  Any experiences would be appreciated...
8z5i2g,96,100,ADR,hypo,lamictal,lamictal,Starting Lamictal and mania. What is your experience with starting Lamictal?  Did you get manic/hypo?  If so, when? 1st week? 2nd week?  Any experiences would be appreciated...
8z3qcw,59,72,ADR,manic episode,lamictal,lamictal,Wellbutrin (+ cocktail) for depression I had my first-ever manic episode (included psychosis too!) a few months ago. Once mania subsided I feel into deep depression for months. I have been on Depakote, a little Abilify, and increasing amounts of Lamictal, which did nothing for the depression.   This week, my doctor finally prescribed me some Wellbutrin for depression. I'm really hoping this will be the thing that makes me able to get off the couch, work, enjoy life, use my brain again.   Does anyone have any (hopefully positive) experiences with Wellbutrin &amp; a similar situation?  Thanks everyone.
8z3qcw,83,92,ADR,psychosis,lamictal,lamictal,Wellbutrin (+ cocktail) for depression I had my first-ever manic episode (included psychosis too!) a few months ago. Once mania subsided I feel into deep depression for months. I have been on Depakote, a little Abilify, and increasing amounts of Lamictal, which did nothing for the depression.   This week, my doctor finally prescribed me some Wellbutrin for depression. I'm really hoping this will be the thing that makes me able to get off the couch, work, enjoy life, use my brain again.   Does anyone have any (hopefully positive) experiences with Wellbutrin &amp; a similar situation?  Thanks everyone.
8yzmra,327,345,ADR,feel like a zombie,lamictal,lamictal,On Mood Stabilizers for 3 Wks and Hate It - What Does “Normal” Feel Like? I’ve been on antidepressants since October (Zoloft since March). I was diagnosed with Bipolar II a couple months ago but wasn’t able to see a pdoc until 3 weeks ago. She upped my Zoloft (for anxiety) and started me on Lamictal. I’m at 100 mg now, and I feel like a zombie now. That might be an exaggeration.. I don’t know. It’s not as bad as dissociation, but it’s sort of similar in that I feel nothing. I feel like I want to go get drunk or try drugs or something to make myself feel again. If I weren’t asexual, I’d try out some sexcapades. (To be clear: I think incredibly logically and know these things won’t make me feel better. Also, my anxiety definitely prevents me from doing anything that may interfere with my meds/has fatal consequences. Sorry for ranting lol.)  I miss my hypomanic episodes so much right now. I kind of even miss my depression because even then I was feeling SOMETHING. I’d much rather have the hypomania than depression if I’m choosing, though - don’t need the uncontrollable crying, self-doubt, self-harm, and suicidal ideation.  I see the pdoc again in about 10 or so days. I’m definitely going to speak with her about my concerns. I was just wondering if anyone could tell me: What is it supposed to feel like when your meds are working? This is something my pdoc can’t articulate considering she isn’t in our shoes.
8yzmra,416,428,ADR,dissociation,lamictal,lamictal,On Mood Stabilizers for 3 Wks and Hate It - What Does “Normal” Feel Like? I’ve been on antidepressants since October (Zoloft since March). I was diagnosed with Bipolar II a couple months ago but wasn’t able to see a pdoc until 3 weeks ago. She upped my Zoloft (for anxiety) and started me on Lamictal. I’m at 100 mg now, and I feel like a zombie now. That might be an exaggeration.. I don’t know. It’s not as bad as dissociation, but it’s sort of similar in that I feel nothing. I feel like I want to go get drunk or try drugs or something to make myself feel again. If I weren’t asexual, I’d try out some sexcapades. (To be clear: I think incredibly logically and know these things won’t make me feel better. Also, my anxiety definitely prevents me from doing anything that may interfere with my meds/has fatal consequences. Sorry for ranting lol.)  I miss my hypomanic episodes so much right now. I kind of even miss my depression because even then I was feeling SOMETHING. I’d much rather have the hypomania than depression if I’m choosing, though - don’t need the uncontrollable crying, self-doubt, self-harm, and suicidal ideation.  I see the pdoc again in about 10 or so days. I’m definitely going to speak with her about my concerns. I was just wondering if anyone could tell me: What is it supposed to feel like when your meds are working? This is something my pdoc can’t articulate considering she isn’t in our shoes.
8yzmra,1119,1135,ADR,uicidal ideation,lamictal,lamictal,On Mood Stabilizers for 3 Wks and Hate It - What Does “Normal” Feel Like? I’ve been on antidepressants since October (Zoloft since March). I was diagnosed with Bipolar II a couple months ago but wasn’t able to see a pdoc until 3 weeks ago. She upped my Zoloft (for anxiety) and started me on Lamictal. I’m at 100 mg now, and I feel like a zombie now. That might be an exaggeration.. I don’t know. It’s not as bad as dissociation, but it’s sort of similar in that I feel nothing. I feel like I want to go get drunk or try drugs or something to make myself feel again. If I weren’t asexual, I’d try out some sexcapades. (To be clear: I think incredibly logically and know these things won’t make me feel better. Also, my anxiety definitely prevents me from doing anything that may interfere with my meds/has fatal consequences. Sorry for ranting lol.)  I miss my hypomanic episodes so much right now. I kind of even miss my depression because even then I was feeling SOMETHING. I’d much rather have the hypomania than depression if I’m choosing, though - don’t need the uncontrollable crying, self-doubt, self-harm, and suicidal ideation.  I see the pdoc again in about 10 or so days. I’m definitely going to speak with her about my concerns. I was just wondering if anyone could tell me: What is it supposed to feel like when your meds are working? This is something my pdoc can’t articulate considering she isn’t in our shoes.
8yyaw4,290,294,ADR,rash,lamictal,lamictal,Mex change - rexulti Hey first time posting. My husband was diagnosed BP1 after his first full blown psychotic manic episode in January. It's been a long road and things started to finally settle down in the last month. He was seeming steady on lamictal, lexapro, and buspar. Then he got a rash on his back which his psychiatrist is assuming is due to the lamictal (but may be from fiberglass). She freaked out and made him go to the ER to get it looked at - the ER doc basically was like why are you here and did some labs and sent him home. But his psychiatrist wants him off lamictal cold turkey and to switch to rexulti, an atypical antipsychotic. It's been two days and I can already see changes in him for the worse.  From what I understand of rexulti, it takes a few weeks to work and isn't even FDA approved for bipolar disorder but is in trials for treating mania. Was he manic? No. Was he psychotic? No. He was just stumbling out of crippling depression. So...am I crazy or is this psychiatrist setting him up for failure of the extreme variety? I feel like he's gonna go either up or down in the next two weeks and land in the hospital and she doesn't even have an appointment with him for three weeks! I'm feeling like she's taking some cash from big pharma for this shit but maybe she just honestly believes this is the best course of action.   TLDR psychiatrist cutting lamictal cold turkey and replacing it with rexulti, panic ensuing.   Anyone taken rexulti as a mood stabilizer before? Positive or negative results?
8yxq1d,774,784,ADR,dependency,lamictal,lamictal,I kinda miss the mania I used to be very predictable in my pattern. If be manic for a week and depressed/dissociated for   4-5 weeks after that. It was predictable, I could feel the mood swings and be able to used mindfulness to over come it but now I've just been depressed for almost 6 months and really can't get out of it.   I feel so alone  and I keep pushing everyone away, either reverting into antisocial behavior or getting angry and snappy to people I care about. I miss being the fun crazy party girl with a bunch of friends and an active social life, even if I did do some irrational stuff I felt alive.  I used to take zolof and lamictal and they worked really well but after getting into meditation and mindfulness training I stopped because I really hated by dependency on the medication (I really don't want to have to take them again, I was doing so well until some family incidents happened).  It's getting to the point where I just give up and want to end it all.  It's not like I feel much anyway.  I keep scratching at my skin but I don't want to leave any marks but I know it's not a good sign that I feel the urge to do it   I'm only 19 but I'm just tired of feeling this way. I just don't really know what to do. (Sorry if this is all over the place, I'm a little bit of a mess rn)
8ywlad,12,28,ADR,startle response,lamictal,lamictal,Exaggerated startle response - how and why? 28/F  Temporal Lobe Epilepsy diagnosed in 2017, Lamictal 75mg twice a day  General anxiety disorder since 2016, currently on Sertraline 200mg once a day  Vitamin D deficient a couple of months ago - taking a vitamin D supplement  Also take folic acid 5mg daily and OCP  So my startle response has been noticeably heightened over the last year and I'm not sure why. Obviously it coincides pretty suspiciously with my epilepsy diagnosis, and my coping skills have also deteriorated.  I am sometimes very jumpy. The response is very disproportionate to the stimulus and context. For example, at its mildest, if not expected, a text notification may send a wave of adrenaline through my body though I don't make any physical movements.  At it's worst, for example, I was escorting a patient of mine to A&amp;E, with a colleague, and we had to wait for a while before being seen. The lady was on a trolley and my back was turned. She let out a very loud fart and my entire body seized up and adrenaline shot through my veins. My eyes blinked shut. I wondered how I even stayed standing! My colleague described it as looking like I was genuinely jumping out of my skin.      I notice the various physical feelings when i am either tired, relaxed, or inattentive to anything except what I'm doing at the time. Other examples of things that make me jump are doorbells, people coughing, entering a room and not knowing someone is there and almost bumping into them  Could this exaggerated response be due to any medication? is it indicative of worsening anxiety or seizure activity?
8ywlad,127,134,ADR,anxiety,lamictal,lamictal,Exaggerated startle response - how and why? 28/F  Temporal Lobe Epilepsy diagnosed in 2017, Lamictal 75mg twice a day  General anxiety disorder since 2016, currently on Sertraline 200mg once a day  Vitamin D deficient a couple of months ago - taking a vitamin D supplement  Also take folic acid 5mg daily and OCP  So my startle response has been noticeably heightened over the last year and I'm not sure why. Obviously it coincides pretty suspiciously with my epilepsy diagnosis, and my coping skills have also deteriorated.  I am sometimes very jumpy. The response is very disproportionate to the stimulus and context. For example, at its mildest, if not expected, a text notification may send a wave of adrenaline through my body though I don't make any physical movements.  At it's worst, for example, I was escorting a patient of mine to A&amp;E, with a colleague, and we had to wait for a while before being seen. The lady was on a trolley and my back was turned. She let out a very loud fart and my entire body seized up and adrenaline shot through my veins. My eyes blinked shut. I wondered how I even stayed standing! My colleague described it as looking like I was genuinely jumping out of my skin.      I notice the various physical feelings when i am either tired, relaxed, or inattentive to anything except what I'm doing at the time. Other examples of things that make me jump are doorbells, people coughing, entering a room and not knowing someone is there and almost bumping into them  Could this exaggerated response be due to any medication? is it indicative of worsening anxiety or seizure activity?
8ywlad,1600,1607,ADR,seizure,lamictal,lamictal,Exaggerated startle response - how and why? 28/F  Temporal Lobe Epilepsy diagnosed in 2017, Lamictal 75mg twice a day  General anxiety disorder since 2016, currently on Sertraline 200mg once a day  Vitamin D deficient a couple of months ago - taking a vitamin D supplement  Also take folic acid 5mg daily and OCP  So my startle response has been noticeably heightened over the last year and I'm not sure why. Obviously it coincides pretty suspiciously with my epilepsy diagnosis, and my coping skills have also deteriorated.  I am sometimes very jumpy. The response is very disproportionate to the stimulus and context. For example, at its mildest, if not expected, a text notification may send a wave of adrenaline through my body though I don't make any physical movements.  At it's worst, for example, I was escorting a patient of mine to A&amp;E, with a colleague, and we had to wait for a while before being seen. The lady was on a trolley and my back was turned. She let out a very loud fart and my entire body seized up and adrenaline shot through my veins. My eyes blinked shut. I wondered how I even stayed standing! My colleague described it as looking like I was genuinely jumping out of my skin.      I notice the various physical feelings when i am either tired, relaxed, or inattentive to anything except what I'm doing at the time. Other examples of things that make me jump are doorbells, people coughing, entering a room and not knowing someone is there and almost bumping into them  Could this exaggerated response be due to any medication? is it indicative of worsening anxiety or seizure activity?
8yvf8x,29,36,ADR,fatigue,lamictal,lamictal,Getting off Wellbutrin cause fatigue? I was having problems sleeping, it’s been a problem for a long time. My psychiatrist suggested I cut my Wellbutrin  from 450 down to 150. I take 200mg lamictal at night and .5mg klonopin three times a day.   Is it possible to experience fatigue after cutting 450mg to 100mg Wellbutrin? I’ve been very tired. I noticed that it was easier for me to fall asleep but now I’m oversleeping and feel tired all throughout the day.
8ysfrk,529,538,ADR,apathetic,lamictal,lamictal,Lamictal: Side effects and when did it work? At what point did Lamictal work for you, and when did the side effects go away, if ever? I am pretty sure this is not going to work for me, but feel like I need to give it the adequate time to be sure and so my psychiatrist can write it off as something I tried for long enough. Thing is, I stuck out the Lexapro even while feeling horrible, and I should have listened to myself, because I was in a mixed episode the whole time.  Right now I feel like I can't focus on anything, feel apathetic/depressed/a little irritable, have gastrointestinal issues like constipation, feel like my hormones are messed up based on symptoms like bloating (I am pretty in tune with this and I feel like about to get my period even though I am not). Generally just feel crappy and am at the therapeutic dose (100 mg) for a week now. While titrating up I got super irritable/reckless/impulsive and basically felt hypomanic, but at times had self destructive thoughts and felt like I wasn't sure I could keep myself safe. Not sure if it was the med or the illness, but I am leaning towards the med.  Anyways, the point of this post is not to whine, but I just really want to stop this med (after talking to my psychiatrist), but don't want to give up too soon. I just was hoping to hear if your side effects went away, or how you knew it was wrong for you? And when did it start working well?
8ysfrk,539,548,ADR,depressed,lamictal,lamictal,Lamictal: Side effects and when did it work? At what point did Lamictal work for you, and when did the side effects go away, if ever? I am pretty sure this is not going to work for me, but feel like I need to give it the adequate time to be sure and so my psychiatrist can write it off as something I tried for long enough. Thing is, I stuck out the Lexapro even while feeling horrible, and I should have listened to myself, because I was in a mixed episode the whole time.  Right now I feel like I can't focus on anything, feel apathetic/depressed/a little irritable, have gastrointestinal issues like constipation, feel like my hormones are messed up based on symptoms like bloating (I am pretty in tune with this and I feel like about to get my period even though I am not). Generally just feel crappy and am at the therapeutic dose (100 mg) for a week now. While titrating up I got super irritable/reckless/impulsive and basically felt hypomanic, but at times had self destructive thoughts and felt like I wasn't sure I could keep myself safe. Not sure if it was the med or the illness, but I am leaning towards the med.  Anyways, the point of this post is not to whine, but I just really want to stop this med (after talking to my psychiatrist), but don't want to give up too soon. I just was hoping to hear if your side effects went away, or how you knew it was wrong for you? And when did it start working well?
8ysfrk,558,567,ADR,irritable,lamictal,lamictal,Lamictal: Side effects and when did it work? At what point did Lamictal work for you, and when did the side effects go away, if ever? I am pretty sure this is not going to work for me, but feel like I need to give it the adequate time to be sure and so my psychiatrist can write it off as something I tried for long enough. Thing is, I stuck out the Lexapro even while feeling horrible, and I should have listened to myself, because I was in a mixed episode the whole time.  Right now I feel like I can't focus on anything, feel apathetic/depressed/a little irritable, have gastrointestinal issues like constipation, feel like my hormones are messed up based on symptoms like bloating (I am pretty in tune with this and I feel like about to get my period even though I am not). Generally just feel crappy and am at the therapeutic dose (100 mg) for a week now. While titrating up I got super irritable/reckless/impulsive and basically felt hypomanic, but at times had self destructive thoughts and felt like I wasn't sure I could keep myself safe. Not sure if it was the med or the illness, but I am leaning towards the med.  Anyways, the point of this post is not to whine, but I just really want to stop this med (after talking to my psychiatrist), but don't want to give up too soon. I just was hoping to hear if your side effects went away, or how you knew it was wrong for you? And when did it start working well?
8ysfrk,603,616,ADR,constipation,,lamictal,lamictal,Lamictal: Side effects and when did it work? At what point did Lamictal work for you, and when did the side effects go away, if ever? I am pretty sure this is not going to work for me, but feel like I need to give it the adequate time to be sure and so my psychiatrist can write it off as something I tried for long enough. Thing is, I stuck out the Lexapro even while feeling horrible, and I should have listened to myself, because I was in a mixed episode the whole time.  Right now I feel like I can't focus on anything, feel apathetic/depressed/a little irritable, have gastrointestinal issues like constipation, feel like my hormones are messed up based on symptoms like bloating (I am pretty in tune with this and I feel like about to get my period even though I am not). Generally just feel crappy and am at the therapeutic dose (100 mg) for a week now. While titrating up I got super irritable/reckless/impulsive and basically felt hypomanic, but at times had self destructive thoughts and felt like I wasn't sure I could keep myself safe. Not sure if it was the med or the illness, but I am leaning towards the med.  Anyways, the point of this post is not to whine, but I just really want to stop this med (after talking to my psychiatrist), but don't want to give up too soon. I just was hoping to hear if your side effects went away, or how you knew it was wrong for you? And when did it start working well?
8ysfrk,676,684,ADR,bloating,lamictal,lamictal,Lamictal: Side effects and when did it work? At what point did Lamictal work for you, and when did the side effects go away, if ever? I am pretty sure this is not going to work for me, but feel like I need to give it the adequate time to be sure and so my psychiatrist can write it off as something I tried for long enough. Thing is, I stuck out the Lexapro even while feeling horrible, and I should have listened to myself, because I was in a mixed episode the whole time.  Right now I feel like I can't focus on anything, feel apathetic/depressed/a little irritable, have gastrointestinal issues like constipation, feel like my hormones are messed up based on symptoms like bloating (I am pretty in tune with this and I feel like about to get my period even though I am not). Generally just feel crappy and am at the therapeutic dose (100 mg) for a week now. While titrating up I got super irritable/reckless/impulsive and basically felt hypomanic, but at times had self destructive thoughts and felt like I wasn't sure I could keep myself safe. Not sure if it was the med or the illness, but I am leaning towards the med.  Anyways, the point of this post is not to whine, but I just really want to stop this med (after talking to my psychiatrist), but don't want to give up too soon. I just was hoping to hear if your side effects went away, or how you knew it was wrong for you? And when did it start working well?
8ysfrk,940,949,ADR,hypomanic,lamictal,lamictal,Lamictal: Side effects and when did it work? At what point did Lamictal work for you, and when did the side effects go away, if ever? I am pretty sure this is not going to work for me, but feel like I need to give it the adequate time to be sure and so my psychiatrist can write it off as something I tried for long enough. Thing is, I stuck out the Lexapro even while feeling horrible, and I should have listened to myself, because I was in a mixed episode the whole time.  Right now I feel like I can't focus on anything, feel apathetic/depressed/a little irritable, have gastrointestinal issues like constipation, feel like my hormones are messed up based on symptoms like bloating (I am pretty in tune with this and I feel like about to get my period even though I am not). Generally just feel crappy and am at the therapeutic dose (100 mg) for a week now. While titrating up I got super irritable/reckless/impulsive and basically felt hypomanic, but at times had self destructive thoughts and felt like I wasn't sure I could keep myself safe. Not sure if it was the med or the illness, but I am leaning towards the med.  Anyways, the point of this post is not to whine, but I just really want to stop this med (after talking to my psychiatrist), but don't want to give up too soon. I just was hoping to hear if your side effects went away, or how you knew it was wrong for you? And when did it start working well?
8ysfrk,968,993,ADR,self destructive thoughts,lamictal,lamictal,Lamictal: Side effects and when did it work? At what point did Lamictal work for you, and when did the side effects go away, if ever? I am pretty sure this is not going to work for me, but feel like I need to give it the adequate time to be sure and so my psychiatrist can write it off as something I tried for long enough. Thing is, I stuck out the Lexapro even while feeling horrible, and I should have listened to myself, because I was in a mixed episode the whole time.  Right now I feel like I can't focus on anything, feel apathetic/depressed/a little irritable, have gastrointestinal issues like constipation, feel like my hormones are messed up based on symptoms like bloating (I am pretty in tune with this and I feel like about to get my period even though I am not). Generally just feel crappy and am at the therapeutic dose (100 mg) for a week now. While titrating up I got super irritable/reckless/impulsive and basically felt hypomanic, but at times had self destructive thoughts and felt like I wasn't sure I could keep myself safe. Not sure if it was the med or the illness, but I am leaning towards the med.  Anyways, the point of this post is not to whine, but I just really want to stop this med (after talking to my psychiatrist), but don't want to give up too soon. I just was hoping to hear if your side effects went away, or how you knew it was wrong for you? And when did it start working well?
8ysbr6,635,644,ADR,akathisia,lamictal,lamictal,Does anyone here take Clonazepam (Klonopin)? Hi friends. So yesterday I went to my doctor in a mixed sorta weird hypomanic / dysphoric state. I told him I was, above all else, irritable and acting hostile towards people at home and generally feeling on edge constantly. My doc commented that he felt I was indeed in a mixed state- my first real one of these ever (thanks bipolar, love you as always). We looked into some meds options. He suggested depakote- I said no due the fact that it would be the 3rd mood stabiliser I'm on after lithium and lamictal, so that was a no. He then suggested Abilify, which was a no because I got bad akathisia from it and I'm told it causes weight gain. Wellbutrin was also off the table as that would most definitely make me more manic/mixed, so the only thing left was Klonopin.   He's written me up for 0.5mg twice daily. My doc said he wants me to take it regularly, twice daily, and see how I go. See the thing is, I work in psychiatric care and nearly all of my patients are on this drug. The all seem so doe eyed and sedated by it, though they are all on 2-4mg four times daily so I'm aware I may not be the same.   My schedule is jam-packed at the moment with college placement, work commitments and take care of my kids while my ex works. I want to have a free day to take one of the .5mg tablets to see what it does- I don't want to have a situation where I take one for the first time and have to bail out of work due to being too sedated. My job carries a lot of responsibility and I work with psychiatric patients, so there is no scope for me to be 'not with it' during a shift.   Does anyone here take this medication? What are your experiences of it and what do you take it for? Big question- what kind of sedation am I expecting? Are there any other side effects I should be aware of?
8ysbr6,676,688,ADR,weight gain.,lamictal,lamictal,Does anyone here take Clonazepam (Klonopin)? Hi friends. So yesterday I went to my doctor in a mixed sorta weird hypomanic / dysphoric state. I told him I was, above all else, irritable and acting hostile towards people at home and generally feeling on edge constantly. My doc commented that he felt I was indeed in a mixed state- my first real one of these ever (thanks bipolar, love you as always). We looked into some meds options. He suggested depakote- I said no due the fact that it would be the 3rd mood stabiliser I'm on after lithium and lamictal, so that was a no. He then suggested Abilify, which was a no because I got bad akathisia from it and I'm told it causes weight gain. Wellbutrin was also off the table as that would most definitely make me more manic/mixed, so the only thing left was Klonopin.   He's written me up for 0.5mg twice daily. My doc said he wants me to take it regularly, twice daily, and see how I go. See the thing is, I work in psychiatric care and nearly all of my patients are on this drug. The all seem so doe eyed and sedated by it, though they are all on 2-4mg four times daily so I'm aware I may not be the same.   My schedule is jam-packed at the moment with college placement, work commitments and take care of my kids while my ex works. I want to have a free day to take one of the .5mg tablets to see what it does- I don't want to have a situation where I take one for the first time and have to bail out of work due to being too sedated. My job carries a lot of responsibility and I work with psychiatric patients, so there is no scope for me to be 'not with it' during a shift.   Does anyone here take this medication? What are your experiences of it and what do you take it for? Big question- what kind of sedation am I expecting? Are there any other side effects I should be aware of?
8yq8xh,377,383,ADR,moody.,lamictal,lamictal,Manic and angry. Been so productive. Did so much homework and cleaned and organized yesterday. Barely any sleep. Got a job interview lined up for Monday today. Ran multiple errands, saw my psychiatrist. She agreed lamictal is amazing. I’m not even up to 100 Yet. Now I’m just angry and I had to get completely naked because everything on my skin is bothersome. I’m snappy. I’m moody. And I just want sex from my boyfriend. Fuck this disease. I’m tired of rapid cycling.
8yq8xh,365,371,ADR,snappy,lamictal,lamictal,Manic and angry. Been so productive. Did so much homework and cleaned and organized yesterday. Barely any sleep. Got a job interview lined up for Monday today. Ran multiple errands, saw my psychiatrist. She agreed lamictal is amazing. I’m not even up to 100 Yet. Now I’m just angry and I had to get completely naked because everything on my skin is bothersome. I’m snappy. I’m moody. And I just want sex from my boyfriend. Fuck this disease. I’m tired of rapid cycling.
8yp4gp,441,450,ADR,migraines,lamictal,lamictal,some kind of neurological issue? Hello,   I am a 23 year old white female. 5'2" and 215lbs (please don't be mean about my weight). Nonsmoker (weed/cigarettes). Diagnosed as bipolar 2. Currently on lithium, lamictal, sertraline, levothyroxine for hypothyroidism induced by lithium, bcp, trazodone and hydroxyzine/lorazepam prn. Started lithium mid April and started levothyroxine at the end of May.  For approx 7-8 weeks I have begun to have migraines/headaches. I have had migraines before now, but not as frequent. I also experience dizziness (but not the room spinning) and lightheadedness. I have extreme fatigue (this has been going on for a long time, but has increased lately).   I went to see my PCP on July 3rd. She ordered an MRI, as I had difficulty with walking heel to toe as well as flipping my hand over on my left side.  On the morning of July 4th, I woke up and was extremely unsteady. I would almost fall over just from walking normally. I went to urgent care as it was really hot out and I didn't know if I was just dehydrated. Upon exam at urgent care, I guess I had some abnormal signs in the neurology exam (when asked to stand with my eyes closed and my arms out in front of me, I almost immediately began to fall over). They did a CT which came back normal. They also checked my lithium level as well as my kidney function, all which came back normal. They tested for benign positional vertigo and that was ruled out. I was sent to the ER by urgent care as they were concerned about my neuro exam.  At the ER, my neuro exam had worsened slightly (more unsteady, still dizzy). They gave me meclizine (which makes me more dizzy, even at a half dose) and Reglan (which caused agitation) as well as fluids. They sent me home and told me to f/u with PCP.   I haven't felt any better. MRI w/o contrast was done last night, it was completely normal. I see neurology on Thursday but I don't know what's going on and it's freaking me out.  Additionally, I feel like my left side is "weird" when I walk. I tend to fall to the left side. Headaches are all over my head, sometimes on one side and sometimes centralized. I've also had (somewhat rare, but newer) tingling and weird feelings in my hands. Over the last 5 years I've gained 100lbs. I've also had an increasingly hard time concentrating/interpreting sound/words over the last few years. I consistently switch numbers around (i.e. 18 rather than 81). I don't know if any of this is connected. I might just be freaking myself out but I wanted to know if anyone had any ideas before I see neurology.  Thank you!
8yp4gp,451,460,ADR,headaches,lamictal,lamictal,some kind of neurological issue? Hello,   I am a 23 year old white female. 5'2" and 215lbs (please don't be mean about my weight). Nonsmoker (weed/cigarettes). Diagnosed as bipolar 2. Currently on lithium, lamictal, sertraline, levothyroxine for hypothyroidism induced by lithium, bcp, trazodone and hydroxyzine/lorazepam prn. Started lithium mid April and started levothyroxine at the end of May.  For approx 7-8 weeks I have begun to have migraines/headaches. I have had migraines before now, but not as frequent. I also experience dizziness (but not the room spinning) and lightheadedness. I have extreme fatigue (this has been going on for a long time, but has increased lately).   I went to see my PCP on July 3rd. She ordered an MRI, as I had difficulty with walking heel to toe as well as flipping my hand over on my left side.  On the morning of July 4th, I woke up and was extremely unsteady. I would almost fall over just from walking normally. I went to urgent care as it was really hot out and I didn't know if I was just dehydrated. Upon exam at urgent care, I guess I had some abnormal signs in the neurology exam (when asked to stand with my eyes closed and my arms out in front of me, I almost immediately began to fall over). They did a CT which came back normal. They also checked my lithium level as well as my kidney function, all which came back normal. They tested for benign positional vertigo and that was ruled out. I was sent to the ER by urgent care as they were concerned about my neuro exam.  At the ER, my neuro exam had worsened slightly (more unsteady, still dizzy). They gave me meclizine (which makes me more dizzy, even at a half dose) and Reglan (which caused agitation) as well as fluids. They sent me home and told me to f/u with PCP.   I haven't felt any better. MRI w/o contrast was done last night, it was completely normal. I see neurology on Thursday but I don't know what's going on and it's freaking me out.  Additionally, I feel like my left side is "weird" when I walk. I tend to fall to the left side. Headaches are all over my head, sometimes on one side and sometimes centralized. I've also had (somewhat rare, but newer) tingling and weird feelings in my hands. Over the last 5 years I've gained 100lbs. I've also had an increasingly hard time concentrating/interpreting sound/words over the last few years. I consistently switch numbers around (i.e. 18 rather than 81). I don't know if any of this is connected. I might just be freaking myself out but I wanted to know if anyone had any ideas before I see neurology.  Thank you!
8yp4gp,534,543,ADR,dizziness,lamictal,lamictal,some kind of neurological issue? Hello,   I am a 23 year old white female. 5'2" and 215lbs (please don't be mean about my weight). Nonsmoker (weed/cigarettes). Diagnosed as bipolar 2. Currently on lithium, lamictal, sertraline, levothyroxine for hypothyroidism induced by lithium, bcp, trazodone and hydroxyzine/lorazepam prn. Started lithium mid April and started levothyroxine at the end of May.  For approx 7-8 weeks I have begun to have migraines/headaches. I have had migraines before now, but not as frequent. I also experience dizziness (but not the room spinning) and lightheadedness. I have extreme fatigue (this has been going on for a long time, but has increased lately).   I went to see my PCP on July 3rd. She ordered an MRI, as I had difficulty with walking heel to toe as well as flipping my hand over on my left side.  On the morning of July 4th, I woke up and was extremely unsteady. I would almost fall over just from walking normally. I went to urgent care as it was really hot out and I didn't know if I was just dehydrated. Upon exam at urgent care, I guess I had some abnormal signs in the neurology exam (when asked to stand with my eyes closed and my arms out in front of me, I almost immediately began to fall over). They did a CT which came back normal. They also checked my lithium level as well as my kidney function, all which came back normal. They tested for benign positional vertigo and that was ruled out. I was sent to the ER by urgent care as they were concerned about my neuro exam.  At the ER, my neuro exam had worsened slightly (more unsteady, still dizzy). They gave me meclizine (which makes me more dizzy, even at a half dose) and Reglan (which caused agitation) as well as fluids. They sent me home and told me to f/u with PCP.   I haven't felt any better. MRI w/o contrast was done last night, it was completely normal. I see neurology on Thursday but I don't know what's going on and it's freaking me out.  Additionally, I feel like my left side is "weird" when I walk. I tend to fall to the left side. Headaches are all over my head, sometimes on one side and sometimes centralized. I've also had (somewhat rare, but newer) tingling and weird feelings in my hands. Over the last 5 years I've gained 100lbs. I've also had an increasingly hard time concentrating/interpreting sound/words over the last few years. I consistently switch numbers around (i.e. 18 rather than 81). I don't know if any of this is connected. I might just be freaking myself out but I wanted to know if anyone had any ideas before I see neurology.  Thank you!
8yp4gp,576,591,ADR,lightheadedness,lamictal,lamictal,some kind of neurological issue? Hello,   I am a 23 year old white female. 5'2" and 215lbs (please don't be mean about my weight). Nonsmoker (weed/cigarettes). Diagnosed as bipolar 2. Currently on lithium, lamictal, sertraline, levothyroxine for hypothyroidism induced by lithium, bcp, trazodone and hydroxyzine/lorazepam prn. Started lithium mid April and started levothyroxine at the end of May.  For approx 7-8 weeks I have begun to have migraines/headaches. I have had migraines before now, but not as frequent. I also experience dizziness (but not the room spinning) and lightheadedness. I have extreme fatigue (this has been going on for a long time, but has increased lately).   I went to see my PCP on July 3rd. She ordered an MRI, as I had difficulty with walking heel to toe as well as flipping my hand over on my left side.  On the morning of July 4th, I woke up and was extremely unsteady. I would almost fall over just from walking normally. I went to urgent care as it was really hot out and I didn't know if I was just dehydrated. Upon exam at urgent care, I guess I had some abnormal signs in the neurology exam (when asked to stand with my eyes closed and my arms out in front of me, I almost immediately began to fall over). They did a CT which came back normal. They also checked my lithium level as well as my kidney function, all which came back normal. They tested for benign positional vertigo and that was ruled out. I was sent to the ER by urgent care as they were concerned about my neuro exam.  At the ER, my neuro exam had worsened slightly (more unsteady, still dizzy). They gave me meclizine (which makes me more dizzy, even at a half dose) and Reglan (which caused agitation) as well as fluids. They sent me home and told me to f/u with PCP.   I haven't felt any better. MRI w/o contrast was done last night, it was completely normal. I see neurology on Thursday but I don't know what's going on and it's freaking me out.  Additionally, I feel like my left side is "weird" when I walk. I tend to fall to the left side. Headaches are all over my head, sometimes on one side and sometimes centralized. I've also had (somewhat rare, but newer) tingling and weird feelings in my hands. Over the last 5 years I've gained 100lbs. I've also had an increasingly hard time concentrating/interpreting sound/words over the last few years. I consistently switch numbers around (i.e. 18 rather than 81). I don't know if any of this is connected. I might just be freaking myself out but I wanted to know if anyone had any ideas before I see neurology.  Thank you!
8yp4gp,600,615,ADR,extreme fatigue,lamictal,lamictal,some kind of neurological issue? Hello,   I am a 23 year old white female. 5'2" and 215lbs (please don't be mean about my weight). Nonsmoker (weed/cigarettes). Diagnosed as bipolar 2. Currently on lithium, lamictal, sertraline, levothyroxine for hypothyroidism induced by lithium, bcp, trazodone and hydroxyzine/lorazepam prn. Started lithium mid April and started levothyroxine at the end of May.  For approx 7-8 weeks I have begun to have migraines/headaches. I have had migraines before now, but not as frequent. I also experience dizziness (but not the room spinning) and lightheadedness. I have extreme fatigue (this has been going on for a long time, but has increased lately).   I went to see my PCP on July 3rd. She ordered an MRI, as I had difficulty with walking heel to toe as well as flipping my hand over on my left side.  On the morning of July 4th, I woke up and was extremely unsteady. I would almost fall over just from walking normally. I went to urgent care as it was really hot out and I didn't know if I was just dehydrated. Upon exam at urgent care, I guess I had some abnormal signs in the neurology exam (when asked to stand with my eyes closed and my arms out in front of me, I almost immediately began to fall over). They did a CT which came back normal. They also checked my lithium level as well as my kidney function, all which came back normal. They tested for benign positional vertigo and that was ruled out. I was sent to the ER by urgent care as they were concerned about my neuro exam.  At the ER, my neuro exam had worsened slightly (more unsteady, still dizzy). They gave me meclizine (which makes me more dizzy, even at a half dose) and Reglan (which caused agitation) as well as fluids. They sent me home and told me to f/u with PCP.   I haven't felt any better. MRI w/o contrast was done last night, it was completely normal. I see neurology on Thursday but I don't know what's going on and it's freaking me out.  Additionally, I feel like my left side is "weird" when I walk. I tend to fall to the left side. Headaches are all over my head, sometimes on one side and sometimes centralized. I've also had (somewhat rare, but newer) tingling and weird feelings in my hands. Over the last 5 years I've gained 100lbs. I've also had an increasingly hard time concentrating/interpreting sound/words over the last few years. I consistently switch numbers around (i.e. 18 rather than 81). I don't know if any of this is connected. I might just be freaking myself out but I wanted to know if anyone had any ideas before I see neurology.  Thank you!
8yp4gp,1034,1045,ADR,dehydrated.,lamictal,lamictal,some kind of neurological issue? Hello,   I am a 23 year old white female. 5'2" and 215lbs (please don't be mean about my weight). Nonsmoker (weed/cigarettes). Diagnosed as bipolar 2. Currently on lithium, lamictal, sertraline, levothyroxine for hypothyroidism induced by lithium, bcp, trazodone and hydroxyzine/lorazepam prn. Started lithium mid April and started levothyroxine at the end of May.  For approx 7-8 weeks I have begun to have migraines/headaches. I have had migraines before now, but not as frequent. I also experience dizziness (but not the room spinning) and lightheadedness. I have extreme fatigue (this has been going on for a long time, but has increased lately).   I went to see my PCP on July 3rd. She ordered an MRI, as I had difficulty with walking heel to toe as well as flipping my hand over on my left side.  On the morning of July 4th, I woke up and was extremely unsteady. I would almost fall over just from walking normally. I went to urgent care as it was really hot out and I didn't know if I was just dehydrated. Upon exam at urgent care, I guess I had some abnormal signs in the neurology exam (when asked to stand with my eyes closed and my arms out in front of me, I almost immediately began to fall over). They did a CT which came back normal. They also checked my lithium level as well as my kidney function, all which came back normal. They tested for benign positional vertigo and that was ruled out. I was sent to the ER by urgent care as they were concerned about my neuro exam.  At the ER, my neuro exam had worsened slightly (more unsteady, still dizzy). They gave me meclizine (which makes me more dizzy, even at a half dose) and Reglan (which caused agitation) as well as fluids. They sent me home and told me to f/u with PCP.   I haven't felt any better. MRI w/o contrast was done last night, it was completely normal. I see neurology on Thursday but I don't know what's going on and it's freaking me out.  Additionally, I feel like my left side is "weird" when I walk. I tend to fall to the left side. Headaches are all over my head, sometimes on one side and sometimes centralized. I've also had (somewhat rare, but newer) tingling and weird feelings in my hands. Over the last 5 years I've gained 100lbs. I've also had an increasingly hard time concentrating/interpreting sound/words over the last few years. I consistently switch numbers around (i.e. 18 rather than 81). I don't know if any of this is connected. I might just be freaking myself out but I wanted to know if anyone had any ideas before I see neurology.  Thank you!
8yp4gp,1696,1705,ADR,agitation,lamictal,lamictal,some kind of neurological issue? Hello,   I am a 23 year old white female. 5'2" and 215lbs (please don't be mean about my weight). Nonsmoker (weed/cigarettes). Diagnosed as bipolar 2. Currently on lithium, lamictal, sertraline, levothyroxine for hypothyroidism induced by lithium, bcp, trazodone and hydroxyzine/lorazepam prn. Started lithium mid April and started levothyroxine at the end of May.  For approx 7-8 weeks I have begun to have migraines/headaches. I have had migraines before now, but not as frequent. I also experience dizziness (but not the room spinning) and lightheadedness. I have extreme fatigue (this has been going on for a long time, but has increased lately).   I went to see my PCP on July 3rd. She ordered an MRI, as I had difficulty with walking heel to toe as well as flipping my hand over on my left side.  On the morning of July 4th, I woke up and was extremely unsteady. I would almost fall over just from walking normally. I went to urgent care as it was really hot out and I didn't know if I was just dehydrated. Upon exam at urgent care, I guess I had some abnormal signs in the neurology exam (when asked to stand with my eyes closed and my arms out in front of me, I almost immediately began to fall over). They did a CT which came back normal. They also checked my lithium level as well as my kidney function, all which came back normal. They tested for benign positional vertigo and that was ruled out. I was sent to the ER by urgent care as they were concerned about my neuro exam.  At the ER, my neuro exam had worsened slightly (more unsteady, still dizzy). They gave me meclizine (which makes me more dizzy, even at a half dose) and Reglan (which caused agitation) as well as fluids. They sent me home and told me to f/u with PCP.   I haven't felt any better. MRI w/o contrast was done last night, it was completely normal. I see neurology on Thursday but I don't know what's going on and it's freaking me out.  Additionally, I feel like my left side is "weird" when I walk. I tend to fall to the left side. Headaches are all over my head, sometimes on one side and sometimes centralized. I've also had (somewhat rare, but newer) tingling and weird feelings in my hands. Over the last 5 years I've gained 100lbs. I've also had an increasingly hard time concentrating/interpreting sound/words over the last few years. I consistently switch numbers around (i.e. 18 rather than 81). I don't know if any of this is connected. I might just be freaking myself out but I wanted to know if anyone had any ideas before I see neurology.  Thank you!
8yp4gp,2172,2180,ADR,tingling,lamictal,lamictal,some kind of neurological issue? Hello,   I am a 23 year old white female. 5'2" and 215lbs (please don't be mean about my weight). Nonsmoker (weed/cigarettes). Diagnosed as bipolar 2. Currently on lithium, lamictal, sertraline, levothyroxine for hypothyroidism induced by lithium, bcp, trazodone and hydroxyzine/lorazepam prn. Started lithium mid April and started levothyroxine at the end of May.  For approx 7-8 weeks I have begun to have migraines/headaches. I have had migraines before now, but not as frequent. I also experience dizziness (but not the room spinning) and lightheadedness. I have extreme fatigue (this has been going on for a long time, but has increased lately).   I went to see my PCP on July 3rd. She ordered an MRI, as I had difficulty with walking heel to toe as well as flipping my hand over on my left side.  On the morning of July 4th, I woke up and was extremely unsteady. I would almost fall over just from walking normally. I went to urgent care as it was really hot out and I didn't know if I was just dehydrated. Upon exam at urgent care, I guess I had some abnormal signs in the neurology exam (when asked to stand with my eyes closed and my arms out in front of me, I almost immediately began to fall over). They did a CT which came back normal. They also checked my lithium level as well as my kidney function, all which came back normal. They tested for benign positional vertigo and that was ruled out. I was sent to the ER by urgent care as they were concerned about my neuro exam.  At the ER, my neuro exam had worsened slightly (more unsteady, still dizzy). They gave me meclizine (which makes me more dizzy, even at a half dose) and Reglan (which caused agitation) as well as fluids. They sent me home and told me to f/u with PCP.   I haven't felt any better. MRI w/o contrast was done last night, it was completely normal. I see neurology on Thursday but I don't know what's going on and it's freaking me out.  Additionally, I feel like my left side is "weird" when I walk. I tend to fall to the left side. Headaches are all over my head, sometimes on one side and sometimes centralized. I've also had (somewhat rare, but newer) tingling and weird feelings in my hands. Over the last 5 years I've gained 100lbs. I've also had an increasingly hard time concentrating/interpreting sound/words over the last few years. I consistently switch numbers around (i.e. 18 rather than 81). I don't know if any of this is connected. I might just be freaking myself out but I wanted to know if anyone had any ideas before I see neurology.  Thank you!
8yjwqc,35,48,ADR,panic attacks,lamictal,lamictal,Forced to stop smoking weed due to panic attacks (long but extremely educational) Hey everyone, this is my first post and Ive seen a lot of similar posts to mine, but there are some specific points I'd like to bring up about weed induced panic attacks.   One day I was smoking using a bong with friends, it's something we do almost every night at the same time. I had eaten, was well rested and everything was fine when it comes to general health before smoking. I am on anti-convulsants due to having epilepsy. However I've smoked for years on this same medication and never had a problem. The side effects of the medication is the main reason I started smoking weed, as it made my life so much easier. I was dealing with regular mood swings and all sorts of physical issues due to the meds. I'm on keppra 750mg twice a day, Lamictal 25mg twice a day and Trileptal 300mg twice a day. So I was smoking at a regular time, in a perfect setting and smoking my usual weed. I smoke green only, as I don't like tobacco, and  90% of time I use a bong. I had about 4/5 small bowls that night over 2/3 hours. I was completely fine and having a great time. The last bowl I smoked was a usual size, green, and I walked away to go play some pool, feeling great. Then it's like a switch was flicked in my brain, and I had a similar feeling to greening out/whiting out , aka having too much weed. I did not feel sick, just had a really sudden head spin, just one that nearly made me faint. I shook it off, but I started to feel awful, shaky, scared and edgy. I had no idea what was happening at this point, but it was definitely not greening out. I was freaking out big time. I went to go lay down on my bed to just relax and maybe go to sleep. I noticed on the wày into the room I caught myself in the mirror, and I was as white as a ghost. I was then really freaking out and shaking and just about to cry. Only due to the physical feelings I was having. I layed down and hoped to let the feeling pass, but it just kept getting worse. I was ringing my partner to come help me but his phone was on silent. So I was paralyzed, tremoring, having intense sensations like electric waves running from my feet , up through my body, and when it got to my head each time it was almost unbearable. I was yelling in discomfort. My heart was pounding hard, and my breathing had to be done manually, I thought I was going to die, absolutely certain. I finally got a hold of my partner, and he came to see me looking like I was a schizophrenic patient in an extremely bad state. After 15 minutes of me trying to think rationally and calm myself by talking through it, watching videos or laying in the dark, I begged for an ambulance. I was crying and tremoring severely. I told the paramedics exactly what happened, and they offered an intramuscular injection of medazepam. I said yes immediately and was basically knocked out in hospital for over 5 hours. I woke up feeling terrible, and had seizures up to twice a day for the next 3 weeks. I would start to shake just reading about similar situations, feeling as if I have some crazy case of PTSD from what happened. Im a pretty sensitive person, so it really scared me, and I would never wish that upon anyone.  Fast forward a month later, and I thought I'd try some leftover smoke from a bong which had already been pulled. Within a minute or 2 of inhaling it, I had the exact same experience and went to hospital, except I admitted myself.   I tried once more another month later. This time again green, as the tobacco would have made it worse head spine wise. But this time I rolled a small joint, and even out a full cigarette filter in it, to minimise my intake. Again, 1 standard puff, and slowly but surely, freaked the f**K out again. This time I tried fighting it. Calm breathing, watching a funny movie I really like, laying in a comfortable warm bed. As it got worse, my partner took me for a slow drive around, which helped a bit. But eventually it's like my body adapted, and the feeling pshycologically and physically became so overwhelming that again I walked into the emergency room. I openly said I was having a panic attack due to weed, but due to me having epilepsy, I wanted to do some simple checkups to test my blood pressure, heart rate, blood sugar etc. All came back normal except for a fast heart rate due to my panic. That was the last time I could try smoking.  I will not give up on smoking weed, as it benefits me so much, and I can barely stand having my epilepsy meds without smoking. The side effects have had me in hospital more than 5-6 times since I've stopped smoking. I don't have any withdrawal symptoms or cravings. I just simply love having it to relieve me of negative side effects. Plus every now and then it's great to have some with friends for a laugh.  I've invested in some concentrate CBD oil tincture, and CBD vape juice along with a T20 vapourizer. I noticed the concentrate made me really calm I felt great after taking it. I'm confident it could definitely help take away the anxiety and paranoia from the weed, as studies say it does. Vaping the CBD doesn't feel very noticeable, however it's not as strong as the concentrate. After taking the tincture, I noticed Ive I vaped it increased the calm feeling I had.   My goal is to be smoking weed again asap. Sounds crazy, but you have no idea how I was benefitting from it. My health has seriously deteriorated since I've stopped smoking and it's now been 3 months. I plan on taking CBD capsules for a week, as well as the tincture concentrate at night to help me sleep. Vaping it just helps top up the relaxed feeling I get, as if it prolongs the effect. Hopefully I can use all of this and try smoking whilst medicating with CBD. I'm going to try indica dominant strains, and even try using whole peppercorns which is said to be a great trick from pulling people out of a bad high. The same as CBD apparently does.   If anyone had experience with this feeling and techniques that help solve the issue please let me know. I've been in and out of hospital and out of work since, as my seizures are to regular to allow me to drive , work or go out and have fun all night. I have plenty more details if need be, so fire away!
8yjwqc,2101,2110,ADR,paralyzed,lamictal,lamictal,Forced to stop smoking weed due to panic attacks (long but extremely educational) Hey everyone, this is my first post and Ive seen a lot of similar posts to mine, but there are some specific points I'd like to bring up about weed induced panic attacks.   One day I was smoking using a bong with friends, it's something we do almost every night at the same time. I had eaten, was well rested and everything was fine when it comes to general health before smoking. I am on anti-convulsants due to having epilepsy. However I've smoked for years on this same medication and never had a problem. The side effects of the medication is the main reason I started smoking weed, as it made my life so much easier. I was dealing with regular mood swings and all sorts of physical issues due to the meds. I'm on keppra 750mg twice a day, Lamictal 25mg twice a day and Trileptal 300mg twice a day. So I was smoking at a regular time, in a perfect setting and smoking my usual weed. I smoke green only, as I don't like tobacco, and  90% of time I use a bong. I had about 4/5 small bowls that night over 2/3 hours. I was completely fine and having a great time. The last bowl I smoked was a usual size, green, and I walked away to go play some pool, feeling great. Then it's like a switch was flicked in my brain, and I had a similar feeling to greening out/whiting out , aka having too much weed. I did not feel sick, just had a really sudden head spin, just one that nearly made me faint. I shook it off, but I started to feel awful, shaky, scared and edgy. I had no idea what was happening at this point, but it was definitely not greening out. I was freaking out big time. I went to go lay down on my bed to just relax and maybe go to sleep. I noticed on the wày into the room I caught myself in the mirror, and I was as white as a ghost. I was then really freaking out and shaking and just about to cry. Only due to the physical feelings I was having. I layed down and hoped to let the feeling pass, but it just kept getting worse. I was ringing my partner to come help me but his phone was on silent. So I was paralyzed, tremoring, having intense sensations like electric waves running from my feet , up through my body, and when it got to my head each time it was almost unbearable. I was yelling in discomfort. My heart was pounding hard, and my breathing had to be done manually, I thought I was going to die, absolutely certain. I finally got a hold of my partner, and he came to see me looking like I was a schizophrenic patient in an extremely bad state. After 15 minutes of me trying to think rationally and calm myself by talking through it, watching videos or laying in the dark, I begged for an ambulance. I was crying and tremoring severely. I told the paramedics exactly what happened, and they offered an intramuscular injection of medazepam. I said yes immediately and was basically knocked out in hospital for over 5 hours. I woke up feeling terrible, and had seizures up to twice a day for the next 3 weeks. I would start to shake just reading about similar situations, feeling as if I have some crazy case of PTSD from what happened. Im a pretty sensitive person, so it really scared me, and I would never wish that upon anyone.  Fast forward a month later, and I thought I'd try some leftover smoke from a bong which had already been pulled. Within a minute or 2 of inhaling it, I had the exact same experience and went to hospital, except I admitted myself.   I tried once more another month later. This time again green, as the tobacco would have made it worse head spine wise. But this time I rolled a small joint, and even out a full cigarette filter in it, to minimise my intake. Again, 1 standard puff, and slowly but surely, freaked the f**K out again. This time I tried fighting it. Calm breathing, watching a funny movie I really like, laying in a comfortable warm bed. As it got worse, my partner took me for a slow drive around, which helped a bit. But eventually it's like my body adapted, and the feeling pshycologically and physically became so overwhelming that again I walked into the emergency room. I openly said I was having a panic attack due to weed, but due to me having epilepsy, I wanted to do some simple checkups to test my blood pressure, heart rate, blood sugar etc. All came back normal except for a fast heart rate due to my panic. That was the last time I could try smoking.  I will not give up on smoking weed, as it benefits me so much, and I can barely stand having my epilepsy meds without smoking. The side effects have had me in hospital more than 5-6 times since I've stopped smoking. I don't have any withdrawal symptoms or cravings. I just simply love having it to relieve me of negative side effects. Plus every now and then it's great to have some with friends for a laugh.  I've invested in some concentrate CBD oil tincture, and CBD vape juice along with a T20 vapourizer. I noticed the concentrate made me really calm I felt great after taking it. I'm confident it could definitely help take away the anxiety and paranoia from the weed, as studies say it does. Vaping the CBD doesn't feel very noticeable, however it's not as strong as the concentrate. After taking the tincture, I noticed Ive I vaped it increased the calm feeling I had.   My goal is to be smoking weed again asap. Sounds crazy, but you have no idea how I was benefitting from it. My health has seriously deteriorated since I've stopped smoking and it's now been 3 months. I plan on taking CBD capsules for a week, as well as the tincture concentrate at night to help me sleep. Vaping it just helps top up the relaxed feeling I get, as if it prolongs the effect. Hopefully I can use all of this and try smoking whilst medicating with CBD. I'm going to try indica dominant strains, and even try using whole peppercorns which is said to be a great trick from pulling people out of a bad high. The same as CBD apparently does.   If anyone had experience with this feeling and techniques that help solve the issue please let me know. I've been in and out of hospital and out of work since, as my seizures are to regular to allow me to drive , work or go out and have fun all night. I have plenty more details if need be, so fire away!
8yjwqc,2112,2121,ADR,tremoring,lamictal,lamictal,Forced to stop smoking weed due to panic attacks (long but extremely educational) Hey everyone, this is my first post and Ive seen a lot of similar posts to mine, but there are some specific points I'd like to bring up about weed induced panic attacks.   One day I was smoking using a bong with friends, it's something we do almost every night at the same time. I had eaten, was well rested and everything was fine when it comes to general health before smoking. I am on anti-convulsants due to having epilepsy. However I've smoked for years on this same medication and never had a problem. The side effects of the medication is the main reason I started smoking weed, as it made my life so much easier. I was dealing with regular mood swings and all sorts of physical issues due to the meds. I'm on keppra 750mg twice a day, Lamictal 25mg twice a day and Trileptal 300mg twice a day. So I was smoking at a regular time, in a perfect setting and smoking my usual weed. I smoke green only, as I don't like tobacco, and  90% of time I use a bong. I had about 4/5 small bowls that night over 2/3 hours. I was completely fine and having a great time. The last bowl I smoked was a usual size, green, and I walked away to go play some pool, feeling great. Then it's like a switch was flicked in my brain, and I had a similar feeling to greening out/whiting out , aka having too much weed. I did not feel sick, just had a really sudden head spin, just one that nearly made me faint. I shook it off, but I started to feel awful, shaky, scared and edgy. I had no idea what was happening at this point, but it was definitely not greening out. I was freaking out big time. I went to go lay down on my bed to just relax and maybe go to sleep. I noticed on the wày into the room I caught myself in the mirror, and I was as white as a ghost. I was then really freaking out and shaking and just about to cry. Only due to the physical feelings I was having. I layed down and hoped to let the feeling pass, but it just kept getting worse. I was ringing my partner to come help me but his phone was on silent. So I was paralyzed, tremoring, having intense sensations like electric waves running from my feet , up through my body, and when it got to my head each time it was almost unbearable. I was yelling in discomfort. My heart was pounding hard, and my breathing had to be done manually, I thought I was going to die, absolutely certain. I finally got a hold of my partner, and he came to see me looking like I was a schizophrenic patient in an extremely bad state. After 15 minutes of me trying to think rationally and calm myself by talking through it, watching videos or laying in the dark, I begged for an ambulance. I was crying and tremoring severely. I told the paramedics exactly what happened, and they offered an intramuscular injection of medazepam. I said yes immediately and was basically knocked out in hospital for over 5 hours. I woke up feeling terrible, and had seizures up to twice a day for the next 3 weeks. I would start to shake just reading about similar situations, feeling as if I have some crazy case of PTSD from what happened. Im a pretty sensitive person, so it really scared me, and I would never wish that upon anyone.  Fast forward a month later, and I thought I'd try some leftover smoke from a bong which had already been pulled. Within a minute or 2 of inhaling it, I had the exact same experience and went to hospital, except I admitted myself.   I tried once more another month later. This time again green, as the tobacco would have made it worse head spine wise. But this time I rolled a small joint, and even out a full cigarette filter in it, to minimise my intake. Again, 1 standard puff, and slowly but surely, freaked the f**K out again. This time I tried fighting it. Calm breathing, watching a funny movie I really like, laying in a comfortable warm bed. As it got worse, my partner took me for a slow drive around, which helped a bit. But eventually it's like my body adapted, and the feeling pshycologically and physically became so overwhelming that again I walked into the emergency room. I openly said I was having a panic attack due to weed, but due to me having epilepsy, I wanted to do some simple checkups to test my blood pressure, heart rate, blood sugar etc. All came back normal except for a fast heart rate due to my panic. That was the last time I could try smoking.  I will not give up on smoking weed, as it benefits me so much, and I can barely stand having my epilepsy meds without smoking. The side effects have had me in hospital more than 5-6 times since I've stopped smoking. I don't have any withdrawal symptoms or cravings. I just simply love having it to relieve me of negative side effects. Plus every now and then it's great to have some with friends for a laugh.  I've invested in some concentrate CBD oil tincture, and CBD vape juice along with a T20 vapourizer. I noticed the concentrate made me really calm I felt great after taking it. I'm confident it could definitely help take away the anxiety and paranoia from the weed, as studies say it does. Vaping the CBD doesn't feel very noticeable, however it's not as strong as the concentrate. After taking the tincture, I noticed Ive I vaped it increased the calm feeling I had.   My goal is to be smoking weed again asap. Sounds crazy, but you have no idea how I was benefitting from it. My health has seriously deteriorated since I've stopped smoking and it's now been 3 months. I plan on taking CBD capsules for a week, as well as the tincture concentrate at night to help me sleep. Vaping it just helps top up the relaxed feeling I get, as if it prolongs the effect. Hopefully I can use all of this and try smoking whilst medicating with CBD. I'm going to try indica dominant strains, and even try using whole peppercorns which is said to be a great trick from pulling people out of a bad high. The same as CBD apparently does.   If anyone had experience with this feeling and techniques that help solve the issue please let me know. I've been in and out of hospital and out of work since, as my seizures are to regular to allow me to drive , work or go out and have fun all night. I have plenty more details if need be, so fire away!
8yjwqc,2966,2974,ADR,seizures,lamictal,lamictal,Forced to stop smoking weed due to panic attacks (long but extremely educational) Hey everyone, this is my first post and Ive seen a lot of similar posts to mine, but there are some specific points I'd like to bring up about weed induced panic attacks.   One day I was smoking using a bong with friends, it's something we do almost every night at the same time. I had eaten, was well rested and everything was fine when it comes to general health before smoking. I am on anti-convulsants due to having epilepsy. However I've smoked for years on this same medication and never had a problem. The side effects of the medication is the main reason I started smoking weed, as it made my life so much easier. I was dealing with regular mood swings and all sorts of physical issues due to the meds. I'm on keppra 750mg twice a day, Lamictal 25mg twice a day and Trileptal 300mg twice a day. So I was smoking at a regular time, in a perfect setting and smoking my usual weed. I smoke green only, as I don't like tobacco, and  90% of time I use a bong. I had about 4/5 small bowls that night over 2/3 hours. I was completely fine and having a great time. The last bowl I smoked was a usual size, green, and I walked away to go play some pool, feeling great. Then it's like a switch was flicked in my brain, and I had a similar feeling to greening out/whiting out , aka having too much weed. I did not feel sick, just had a really sudden head spin, just one that nearly made me faint. I shook it off, but I started to feel awful, shaky, scared and edgy. I had no idea what was happening at this point, but it was definitely not greening out. I was freaking out big time. I went to go lay down on my bed to just relax and maybe go to sleep. I noticed on the wày into the room I caught myself in the mirror, and I was as white as a ghost. I was then really freaking out and shaking and just about to cry. Only due to the physical feelings I was having. I layed down and hoped to let the feeling pass, but it just kept getting worse. I was ringing my partner to come help me but his phone was on silent. So I was paralyzed, tremoring, having intense sensations like electric waves running from my feet , up through my body, and when it got to my head each time it was almost unbearable. I was yelling in discomfort. My heart was pounding hard, and my breathing had to be done manually, I thought I was going to die, absolutely certain. I finally got a hold of my partner, and he came to see me looking like I was a schizophrenic patient in an extremely bad state. After 15 minutes of me trying to think rationally and calm myself by talking through it, watching videos or laying in the dark, I begged for an ambulance. I was crying and tremoring severely. I told the paramedics exactly what happened, and they offered an intramuscular injection of medazepam. I said yes immediately and was basically knocked out in hospital for over 5 hours. I woke up feeling terrible, and had seizures up to twice a day for the next 3 weeks. I would start to shake just reading about similar situations, feeling as if I have some crazy case of PTSD from what happened. Im a pretty sensitive person, so it really scared me, and I would never wish that upon anyone.  Fast forward a month later, and I thought I'd try some leftover smoke from a bong which had already been pulled. Within a minute or 2 of inhaling it, I had the exact same experience and went to hospital, except I admitted myself.   I tried once more another month later. This time again green, as the tobacco would have made it worse head spine wise. But this time I rolled a small joint, and even out a full cigarette filter in it, to minimise my intake. Again, 1 standard puff, and slowly but surely, freaked the f**K out again. This time I tried fighting it. Calm breathing, watching a funny movie I really like, laying in a comfortable warm bed. As it got worse, my partner took me for a slow drive around, which helped a bit. But eventually it's like my body adapted, and the feeling pshycologically and physically became so overwhelming that again I walked into the emergency room. I openly said I was having a panic attack due to weed, but due to me having epilepsy, I wanted to do some simple checkups to test my blood pressure, heart rate, blood sugar etc. All came back normal except for a fast heart rate due to my panic. That was the last time I could try smoking.  I will not give up on smoking weed, as it benefits me so much, and I can barely stand having my epilepsy meds without smoking. The side effects have had me in hospital more than 5-6 times since I've stopped smoking. I don't have any withdrawal symptoms or cravings. I just simply love having it to relieve me of negative side effects. Plus every now and then it's great to have some with friends for a laugh.  I've invested in some concentrate CBD oil tincture, and CBD vape juice along with a T20 vapourizer. I noticed the concentrate made me really calm I felt great after taking it. I'm confident it could definitely help take away the anxiety and paranoia from the weed, as studies say it does. Vaping the CBD doesn't feel very noticeable, however it's not as strong as the concentrate. After taking the tincture, I noticed Ive I vaped it increased the calm feeling I had.   My goal is to be smoking weed again asap. Sounds crazy, but you have no idea how I was benefitting from it. My health has seriously deteriorated since I've stopped smoking and it's now been 3 months. I plan on taking CBD capsules for a week, as well as the tincture concentrate at night to help me sleep. Vaping it just helps top up the relaxed feeling I get, as if it prolongs the effect. Hopefully I can use all of this and try smoking whilst medicating with CBD. I'm going to try indica dominant strains, and even try using whole peppercorns which is said to be a great trick from pulling people out of a bad high. The same as CBD apparently does.   If anyone had experience with this feeling and techniques that help solve the issue please let me know. I've been in and out of hospital and out of work since, as my seizures are to regular to allow me to drive , work or go out and have fun all night. I have plenty more details if need be, so fire away!
8yjwqc,4649,4659,ADR,withdrawal,lamictal,lamictal,Forced to stop smoking weed due to panic attacks (long but extremely educational) Hey everyone, this is my first post and Ive seen a lot of similar posts to mine, but there are some specific points I'd like to bring up about weed induced panic attacks.   One day I was smoking using a bong with friends, it's something we do almost every night at the same time. I had eaten, was well rested and everything was fine when it comes to general health before smoking. I am on anti-convulsants due to having epilepsy. However I've smoked for years on this same medication and never had a problem. The side effects of the medication is the main reason I started smoking weed, as it made my life so much easier. I was dealing with regular mood swings and all sorts of physical issues due to the meds. I'm on keppra 750mg twice a day, Lamictal 25mg twice a day and Trileptal 300mg twice a day. So I was smoking at a regular time, in a perfect setting and smoking my usual weed. I smoke green only, as I don't like tobacco, and  90% of time I use a bong. I had about 4/5 small bowls that night over 2/3 hours. I was completely fine and having a great time. The last bowl I smoked was a usual size, green, and I walked away to go play some pool, feeling great. Then it's like a switch was flicked in my brain, and I had a similar feeling to greening out/whiting out , aka having too much weed. I did not feel sick, just had a really sudden head spin, just one that nearly made me faint. I shook it off, but I started to feel awful, shaky, scared and edgy. I had no idea what was happening at this point, but it was definitely not greening out. I was freaking out big time. I went to go lay down on my bed to just relax and maybe go to sleep. I noticed on the wày into the room I caught myself in the mirror, and I was as white as a ghost. I was then really freaking out and shaking and just about to cry. Only due to the physical feelings I was having. I layed down and hoped to let the feeling pass, but it just kept getting worse. I was ringing my partner to come help me but his phone was on silent. So I was paralyzed, tremoring, having intense sensations like electric waves running from my feet , up through my body, and when it got to my head each time it was almost unbearable. I was yelling in discomfort. My heart was pounding hard, and my breathing had to be done manually, I thought I was going to die, absolutely certain. I finally got a hold of my partner, and he came to see me looking like I was a schizophrenic patient in an extremely bad state. After 15 minutes of me trying to think rationally and calm myself by talking through it, watching videos or laying in the dark, I begged for an ambulance. I was crying and tremoring severely. I told the paramedics exactly what happened, and they offered an intramuscular injection of medazepam. I said yes immediately and was basically knocked out in hospital for over 5 hours. I woke up feeling terrible, and had seizures up to twice a day for the next 3 weeks. I would start to shake just reading about similar situations, feeling as if I have some crazy case of PTSD from what happened. Im a pretty sensitive person, so it really scared me, and I would never wish that upon anyone.  Fast forward a month later, and I thought I'd try some leftover smoke from a bong which had already been pulled. Within a minute or 2 of inhaling it, I had the exact same experience and went to hospital, except I admitted myself.   I tried once more another month later. This time again green, as the tobacco would have made it worse head spine wise. But this time I rolled a small joint, and even out a full cigarette filter in it, to minimise my intake. Again, 1 standard puff, and slowly but surely, freaked the f**K out again. This time I tried fighting it. Calm breathing, watching a funny movie I really like, laying in a comfortable warm bed. As it got worse, my partner took me for a slow drive around, which helped a bit. But eventually it's like my body adapted, and the feeling pshycologically and physically became so overwhelming that again I walked into the emergency room. I openly said I was having a panic attack due to weed, but due to me having epilepsy, I wanted to do some simple checkups to test my blood pressure, heart rate, blood sugar etc. All came back normal except for a fast heart rate due to my panic. That was the last time I could try smoking.  I will not give up on smoking weed, as it benefits me so much, and I can barely stand having my epilepsy meds without smoking. The side effects have had me in hospital more than 5-6 times since I've stopped smoking. I don't have any withdrawal symptoms or cravings. I just simply love having it to relieve me of negative side effects. Plus every now and then it's great to have some with friends for a laugh.  I've invested in some concentrate CBD oil tincture, and CBD vape juice along with a T20 vapourizer. I noticed the concentrate made me really calm I felt great after taking it. I'm confident it could definitely help take away the anxiety and paranoia from the weed, as studies say it does. Vaping the CBD doesn't feel very noticeable, however it's not as strong as the concentrate. After taking the tincture, I noticed Ive I vaped it increased the calm feeling I had.   My goal is to be smoking weed again asap. Sounds crazy, but you have no idea how I was benefitting from it. My health has seriously deteriorated since I've stopped smoking and it's now been 3 months. I plan on taking CBD capsules for a week, as well as the tincture concentrate at night to help me sleep. Vaping it just helps top up the relaxed feeling I get, as if it prolongs the effect. Hopefully I can use all of this and try smoking whilst medicating with CBD. I'm going to try indica dominant strains, and even try using whole peppercorns which is said to be a great trick from pulling people out of a bad high. The same as CBD apparently does.   If anyone had experience with this feeling and techniques that help solve the issue please let me know. I've been in and out of hospital and out of work since, as my seizures are to regular to allow me to drive , work or go out and have fun all night. I have plenty more details if need be, so fire away!
8yjwqc,4672,4680,ADR,cravings,lamictal,lamictal,Forced to stop smoking weed due to panic attacks (long but extremely educational) Hey everyone, this is my first post and Ive seen a lot of similar posts to mine, but there are some specific points I'd like to bring up about weed induced panic attacks.   One day I was smoking using a bong with friends, it's something we do almost every night at the same time. I had eaten, was well rested and everything was fine when it comes to general health before smoking. I am on anti-convulsants due to having epilepsy. However I've smoked for years on this same medication and never had a problem. The side effects of the medication is the main reason I started smoking weed, as it made my life so much easier. I was dealing with regular mood swings and all sorts of physical issues due to the meds. I'm on keppra 750mg twice a day, Lamictal 25mg twice a day and Trileptal 300mg twice a day. So I was smoking at a regular time, in a perfect setting and smoking my usual weed. I smoke green only, as I don't like tobacco, and  90% of time I use a bong. I had about 4/5 small bowls that night over 2/3 hours. I was completely fine and having a great time. The last bowl I smoked was a usual size, green, and I walked away to go play some pool, feeling great. Then it's like a switch was flicked in my brain, and I had a similar feeling to greening out/whiting out , aka having too much weed. I did not feel sick, just had a really sudden head spin, just one that nearly made me faint. I shook it off, but I started to feel awful, shaky, scared and edgy. I had no idea what was happening at this point, but it was definitely not greening out. I was freaking out big time. I went to go lay down on my bed to just relax and maybe go to sleep. I noticed on the wày into the room I caught myself in the mirror, and I was as white as a ghost. I was then really freaking out and shaking and just about to cry. Only due to the physical feelings I was having. I layed down and hoped to let the feeling pass, but it just kept getting worse. I was ringing my partner to come help me but his phone was on silent. So I was paralyzed, tremoring, having intense sensations like electric waves running from my feet , up through my body, and when it got to my head each time it was almost unbearable. I was yelling in discomfort. My heart was pounding hard, and my breathing had to be done manually, I thought I was going to die, absolutely certain. I finally got a hold of my partner, and he came to see me looking like I was a schizophrenic patient in an extremely bad state. After 15 minutes of me trying to think rationally and calm myself by talking through it, watching videos or laying in the dark, I begged for an ambulance. I was crying and tremoring severely. I told the paramedics exactly what happened, and they offered an intramuscular injection of medazepam. I said yes immediately and was basically knocked out in hospital for over 5 hours. I woke up feeling terrible, and had seizures up to twice a day for the next 3 weeks. I would start to shake just reading about similar situations, feeling as if I have some crazy case of PTSD from what happened. Im a pretty sensitive person, so it really scared me, and I would never wish that upon anyone.  Fast forward a month later, and I thought I'd try some leftover smoke from a bong which had already been pulled. Within a minute or 2 of inhaling it, I had the exact same experience and went to hospital, except I admitted myself.   I tried once more another month later. This time again green, as the tobacco would have made it worse head spine wise. But this time I rolled a small joint, and even out a full cigarette filter in it, to minimise my intake. Again, 1 standard puff, and slowly but surely, freaked the f**K out again. This time I tried fighting it. Calm breathing, watching a funny movie I really like, laying in a comfortable warm bed. As it got worse, my partner took me for a slow drive around, which helped a bit. But eventually it's like my body adapted, and the feeling pshycologically and physically became so overwhelming that again I walked into the emergency room. I openly said I was having a panic attack due to weed, but due to me having epilepsy, I wanted to do some simple checkups to test my blood pressure, heart rate, blood sugar etc. All came back normal except for a fast heart rate due to my panic. That was the last time I could try smoking.  I will not give up on smoking weed, as it benefits me so much, and I can barely stand having my epilepsy meds without smoking. The side effects have had me in hospital more than 5-6 times since I've stopped smoking. I don't have any withdrawal symptoms or cravings. I just simply love having it to relieve me of negative side effects. Plus every now and then it's great to have some with friends for a laugh.  I've invested in some concentrate CBD oil tincture, and CBD vape juice along with a T20 vapourizer. I noticed the concentrate made me really calm I felt great after taking it. I'm confident it could definitely help take away the anxiety and paranoia from the weed, as studies say it does. Vaping the CBD doesn't feel very noticeable, however it's not as strong as the concentrate. After taking the tincture, I noticed Ive I vaped it increased the calm feeling I had.   My goal is to be smoking weed again asap. Sounds crazy, but you have no idea how I was benefitting from it. My health has seriously deteriorated since I've stopped smoking and it's now been 3 months. I plan on taking CBD capsules for a week, as well as the tincture concentrate at night to help me sleep. Vaping it just helps top up the relaxed feeling I get, as if it prolongs the effect. Hopefully I can use all of this and try smoking whilst medicating with CBD. I'm going to try indica dominant strains, and even try using whole peppercorns which is said to be a great trick from pulling people out of a bad high. The same as CBD apparently does.   If anyone had experience with this feeling and techniques that help solve the issue please let me know. I've been in and out of hospital and out of work since, as my seizures are to regular to allow me to drive , work or go out and have fun all night. I have plenty more details if need be, so fire away!
8yjwqc,5055,5062,ADR,anxiety,lamictal,lamictal,Forced to stop smoking weed due to panic attacks (long but extremely educational) Hey everyone, this is my first post and Ive seen a lot of similar posts to mine, but there are some specific points I'd like to bring up about weed induced panic attacks.   One day I was smoking using a bong with friends, it's something we do almost every night at the same time. I had eaten, was well rested and everything was fine when it comes to general health before smoking. I am on anti-convulsants due to having epilepsy. However I've smoked for years on this same medication and never had a problem. The side effects of the medication is the main reason I started smoking weed, as it made my life so much easier. I was dealing with regular mood swings and all sorts of physical issues due to the meds. I'm on keppra 750mg twice a day, Lamictal 25mg twice a day and Trileptal 300mg twice a day. So I was smoking at a regular time, in a perfect setting and smoking my usual weed. I smoke green only, as I don't like tobacco, and  90% of time I use a bong. I had about 4/5 small bowls that night over 2/3 hours. I was completely fine and having a great time. The last bowl I smoked was a usual size, green, and I walked away to go play some pool, feeling great. Then it's like a switch was flicked in my brain, and I had a similar feeling to greening out/whiting out , aka having too much weed. I did not feel sick, just had a really sudden head spin, just one that nearly made me faint. I shook it off, but I started to feel awful, shaky, scared and edgy. I had no idea what was happening at this point, but it was definitely not greening out. I was freaking out big time. I went to go lay down on my bed to just relax and maybe go to sleep. I noticed on the wày into the room I caught myself in the mirror, and I was as white as a ghost. I was then really freaking out and shaking and just about to cry. Only due to the physical feelings I was having. I layed down and hoped to let the feeling pass, but it just kept getting worse. I was ringing my partner to come help me but his phone was on silent. So I was paralyzed, tremoring, having intense sensations like electric waves running from my feet , up through my body, and when it got to my head each time it was almost unbearable. I was yelling in discomfort. My heart was pounding hard, and my breathing had to be done manually, I thought I was going to die, absolutely certain. I finally got a hold of my partner, and he came to see me looking like I was a schizophrenic patient in an extremely bad state. After 15 minutes of me trying to think rationally and calm myself by talking through it, watching videos or laying in the dark, I begged for an ambulance. I was crying and tremoring severely. I told the paramedics exactly what happened, and they offered an intramuscular injection of medazepam. I said yes immediately and was basically knocked out in hospital for over 5 hours. I woke up feeling terrible, and had seizures up to twice a day for the next 3 weeks. I would start to shake just reading about similar situations, feeling as if I have some crazy case of PTSD from what happened. Im a pretty sensitive person, so it really scared me, and I would never wish that upon anyone.  Fast forward a month later, and I thought I'd try some leftover smoke from a bong which had already been pulled. Within a minute or 2 of inhaling it, I had the exact same experience and went to hospital, except I admitted myself.   I tried once more another month later. This time again green, as the tobacco would have made it worse head spine wise. But this time I rolled a small joint, and even out a full cigarette filter in it, to minimise my intake. Again, 1 standard puff, and slowly but surely, freaked the f**K out again. This time I tried fighting it. Calm breathing, watching a funny movie I really like, laying in a comfortable warm bed. As it got worse, my partner took me for a slow drive around, which helped a bit. But eventually it's like my body adapted, and the feeling pshycologically and physically became so overwhelming that again I walked into the emergency room. I openly said I was having a panic attack due to weed, but due to me having epilepsy, I wanted to do some simple checkups to test my blood pressure, heart rate, blood sugar etc. All came back normal except for a fast heart rate due to my panic. That was the last time I could try smoking.  I will not give up on smoking weed, as it benefits me so much, and I can barely stand having my epilepsy meds without smoking. The side effects have had me in hospital more than 5-6 times since I've stopped smoking. I don't have any withdrawal symptoms or cravings. I just simply love having it to relieve me of negative side effects. Plus every now and then it's great to have some with friends for a laugh.  I've invested in some concentrate CBD oil tincture, and CBD vape juice along with a T20 vapourizer. I noticed the concentrate made me really calm I felt great after taking it. I'm confident it could definitely help take away the anxiety and paranoia from the weed, as studies say it does. Vaping the CBD doesn't feel very noticeable, however it's not as strong as the concentrate. After taking the tincture, I noticed Ive I vaped it increased the calm feeling I had.   My goal is to be smoking weed again asap. Sounds crazy, but you have no idea how I was benefitting from it. My health has seriously deteriorated since I've stopped smoking and it's now been 3 months. I plan on taking CBD capsules for a week, as well as the tincture concentrate at night to help me sleep. Vaping it just helps top up the relaxed feeling I get, as if it prolongs the effect. Hopefully I can use all of this and try smoking whilst medicating with CBD. I'm going to try indica dominant strains, and even try using whole peppercorns which is said to be a great trick from pulling people out of a bad high. The same as CBD apparently does.   If anyone had experience with this feeling and techniques that help solve the issue please let me know. I've been in and out of hospital and out of work since, as my seizures are to regular to allow me to drive , work or go out and have fun all night. I have plenty more details if need be, so fire away!
8yjwqc,5067,5075,ADR,paranoia,lamictal,lamictal,Forced to stop smoking weed due to panic attacks (long but extremely educational) Hey everyone, this is my first post and Ive seen a lot of similar posts to mine, but there are some specific points I'd like to bring up about weed induced panic attacks.   One day I was smoking using a bong with friends, it's something we do almost every night at the same time. I had eaten, was well rested and everything was fine when it comes to general health before smoking. I am on anti-convulsants due to having epilepsy. However I've smoked for years on this same medication and never had a problem. The side effects of the medication is the main reason I started smoking weed, as it made my life so much easier. I was dealing with regular mood swings and all sorts of physical issues due to the meds. I'm on keppra 750mg twice a day, Lamictal 25mg twice a day and Trileptal 300mg twice a day. So I was smoking at a regular time, in a perfect setting and smoking my usual weed. I smoke green only, as I don't like tobacco, and  90% of time I use a bong. I had about 4/5 small bowls that night over 2/3 hours. I was completely fine and having a great time. The last bowl I smoked was a usual size, green, and I walked away to go play some pool, feeling great. Then it's like a switch was flicked in my brain, and I had a similar feeling to greening out/whiting out , aka having too much weed. I did not feel sick, just had a really sudden head spin, just one that nearly made me faint. I shook it off, but I started to feel awful, shaky, scared and edgy. I had no idea what was happening at this point, but it was definitely not greening out. I was freaking out big time. I went to go lay down on my bed to just relax and maybe go to sleep. I noticed on the wày into the room I caught myself in the mirror, and I was as white as a ghost. I was then really freaking out and shaking and just about to cry. Only due to the physical feelings I was having. I layed down and hoped to let the feeling pass, but it just kept getting worse. I was ringing my partner to come help me but his phone was on silent. So I was paralyzed, tremoring, having intense sensations like electric waves running from my feet , up through my body, and when it got to my head each time it was almost unbearable. I was yelling in discomfort. My heart was pounding hard, and my breathing had to be done manually, I thought I was going to die, absolutely certain. I finally got a hold of my partner, and he came to see me looking like I was a schizophrenic patient in an extremely bad state. After 15 minutes of me trying to think rationally and calm myself by talking through it, watching videos or laying in the dark, I begged for an ambulance. I was crying and tremoring severely. I told the paramedics exactly what happened, and they offered an intramuscular injection of medazepam. I said yes immediately and was basically knocked out in hospital for over 5 hours. I woke up feeling terrible, and had seizures up to twice a day for the next 3 weeks. I would start to shake just reading about similar situations, feeling as if I have some crazy case of PTSD from what happened. Im a pretty sensitive person, so it really scared me, and I would never wish that upon anyone.  Fast forward a month later, and I thought I'd try some leftover smoke from a bong which had already been pulled. Within a minute or 2 of inhaling it, I had the exact same experience and went to hospital, except I admitted myself.   I tried once more another month later. This time again green, as the tobacco would have made it worse head spine wise. But this time I rolled a small joint, and even out a full cigarette filter in it, to minimise my intake. Again, 1 standard puff, and slowly but surely, freaked the f**K out again. This time I tried fighting it. Calm breathing, watching a funny movie I really like, laying in a comfortable warm bed. As it got worse, my partner took me for a slow drive around, which helped a bit. But eventually it's like my body adapted, and the feeling pshycologically and physically became so overwhelming that again I walked into the emergency room. I openly said I was having a panic attack due to weed, but due to me having epilepsy, I wanted to do some simple checkups to test my blood pressure, heart rate, blood sugar etc. All came back normal except for a fast heart rate due to my panic. That was the last time I could try smoking.  I will not give up on smoking weed, as it benefits me so much, and I can barely stand having my epilepsy meds without smoking. The side effects have had me in hospital more than 5-6 times since I've stopped smoking. I don't have any withdrawal symptoms or cravings. I just simply love having it to relieve me of negative side effects. Plus every now and then it's great to have some with friends for a laugh.  I've invested in some concentrate CBD oil tincture, and CBD vape juice along with a T20 vapourizer. I noticed the concentrate made me really calm I felt great after taking it. I'm confident it could definitely help take away the anxiety and paranoia from the weed, as studies say it does. Vaping the CBD doesn't feel very noticeable, however it's not as strong as the concentrate. After taking the tincture, I noticed Ive I vaped it increased the calm feeling I had.   My goal is to be smoking weed again asap. Sounds crazy, but you have no idea how I was benefitting from it. My health has seriously deteriorated since I've stopped smoking and it's now been 3 months. I plan on taking CBD capsules for a week, as well as the tincture concentrate at night to help me sleep. Vaping it just helps top up the relaxed feeling I get, as if it prolongs the effect. Hopefully I can use all of this and try smoking whilst medicating with CBD. I'm going to try indica dominant strains, and even try using whole peppercorns which is said to be a great trick from pulling people out of a bad high. The same as CBD apparently does.   If anyone had experience with this feeling and techniques that help solve the issue please let me know. I've been in and out of hospital and out of work since, as my seizures are to regular to allow me to drive , work or go out and have fun all night. I have plenty more details if need be, so fire away!
8yc2r9,24,34,ADR,withdrawal,lamictal,lamictal,Risperidone (Risperdal) withdrawal. Could use advice. Well it took long enough but I finally got off my Lamictal and am on to quitting Risperidone. I waited until it had been like a solid 6 weeks since my last dose of Lamictal and most of the withdrawal was over. All this withdrawal has been going on since the start of May so I'm pretty sick of it and am tapering my Risperidone quicker so it can all be over sooner than later. This one definitely isn't as bad as the Lamictal withdrawal so that's good, but according to articles it can last way longer which is a bummer.  I was at .5mg twice daily and started by skipping my evening dose for 5 full days. Yesterday was my first day completely off it, and it started getting pretty rough there in the evening. I have a feeling today will be the worst day. I'm hoping since it's such a low dose it will be somewhat tame. I've also been working on quitting smoking (well using my ecig anyway) and am on step 2 of the patch but had some step 1 patches left over for rough days. So yesterday I wore a step 1 patch, and I'm doing the same thing today. It definitely helps at least a little to have the extra nicotine because I was dissociating slightly prior to putting it on today.  I've only thrown up once so far, but I have a super fickle stomach so that's not really much to make a fuss about. I made some jello and am going to try to stick to tame foods. Other symptoms: irritability, some depression, slight confusion type feeling (although the whole summer feels like a blur of withdrawal so far so idk), headaches that can progress into migraines, fatigue, and tons of anxiety. There's probably more, but my brain feels like an angry animated scribble of shouting thoughts.  I've been continuing the supplements that helped a bit during the Lamictal withdrawal: daily multivitamin, calcium, magnesium, zinc, and b-complex. Also vitamin D since my dad has MS.  So does anyone have any advice on other stuff or activities that might help or have experiences they could share?  I feel like these stupid drugs should have the same kind of warning labels on them as nicotine products. I mean at least you get a nice big warning of how addictive of a substance nicotine is before getting addicted to it so you know what you've gotten yourself into. And it's bullshit that there's countless people out there professionally trained in helping people get off of the illegal drugs or alcohol but you're pretty much on your own struggling to get off the shit doctors prescribed you. I mean my psychiatrist is aware of me quitting these meds obviously. I actually took things much much slower than her orders because of how terrible it was. Ugh.  My advice to anyone who has to quit either of these drugs (Lamictal and Risperidone) someday: do it when you don't have a lot going on in your life and you have the free time to deal with all the emotions and side effects involved. I don't think I could handle this if I was working full time.
8yc2r9,1283,1297,ADR,fickle stomach,lamictal,lamictal,Risperidone (Risperdal) withdrawal. Could use advice. Well it took long enough but I finally got off my Lamictal and am on to quitting Risperidone. I waited until it had been like a solid 6 weeks since my last dose of Lamictal and most of the withdrawal was over. All this withdrawal has been going on since the start of May so I'm pretty sick of it and am tapering my Risperidone quicker so it can all be over sooner than later. This one definitely isn't as bad as the Lamictal withdrawal so that's good, but according to articles it can last way longer which is a bummer.  I was at .5mg twice daily and started by skipping my evening dose for 5 full days. Yesterday was my first day completely off it, and it started getting pretty rough there in the evening. I have a feeling today will be the worst day. I'm hoping since it's such a low dose it will be somewhat tame. I've also been working on quitting smoking (well using my ecig anyway) and am on step 2 of the patch but had some step 1 patches left over for rough days. So yesterday I wore a step 1 patch, and I'm doing the same thing today. It definitely helps at least a little to have the extra nicotine because I was dissociating slightly prior to putting it on today.  I've only thrown up once so far, but I have a super fickle stomach so that's not really much to make a fuss about. I made some jello and am going to try to stick to tame foods. Other symptoms: irritability, some depression, slight confusion type feeling (although the whole summer feels like a blur of withdrawal so far so idk), headaches that can progress into migraines, fatigue, and tons of anxiety. There's probably more, but my brain feels like an angry animated scribble of shouting thoughts.  I've been continuing the supplements that helped a bit during the Lamictal withdrawal: daily multivitamin, calcium, magnesium, zinc, and b-complex. Also vitamin D since my dad has MS.  So does anyone have any advice on other stuff or activities that might help or have experiences they could share?  I feel like these stupid drugs should have the same kind of warning labels on them as nicotine products. I mean at least you get a nice big warning of how addictive of a substance nicotine is before getting addicted to it so you know what you've gotten yourself into. And it's bullshit that there's countless people out there professionally trained in helping people get off of the illegal drugs or alcohol but you're pretty much on your own struggling to get off the shit doctors prescribed you. I mean my psychiatrist is aware of me quitting these meds obviously. I actually took things much much slower than her orders because of how terrible it was. Ugh.  My advice to anyone who has to quit either of these drugs (Lamictal and Risperidone) someday: do it when you don't have a lot going on in your life and you have the free time to deal with all the emotions and side effects involved. I don't think I could handle this if I was working full time.
8yc2r9,1424,1436,ADR,irritability,lamictal,lamictal,Risperidone (Risperdal) withdrawal. Could use advice. Well it took long enough but I finally got off my Lamictal and am on to quitting Risperidone. I waited until it had been like a solid 6 weeks since my last dose of Lamictal and most of the withdrawal was over. All this withdrawal has been going on since the start of May so I'm pretty sick of it and am tapering my Risperidone quicker so it can all be over sooner than later. This one definitely isn't as bad as the Lamictal withdrawal so that's good, but according to articles it can last way longer which is a bummer.  I was at .5mg twice daily and started by skipping my evening dose for 5 full days. Yesterday was my first day completely off it, and it started getting pretty rough there in the evening. I have a feeling today will be the worst day. I'm hoping since it's such a low dose it will be somewhat tame. I've also been working on quitting smoking (well using my ecig anyway) and am on step 2 of the patch but had some step 1 patches left over for rough days. So yesterday I wore a step 1 patch, and I'm doing the same thing today. It definitely helps at least a little to have the extra nicotine because I was dissociating slightly prior to putting it on today.  I've only thrown up once so far, but I have a super fickle stomach so that's not really much to make a fuss about. I made some jello and am going to try to stick to tame foods. Other symptoms: irritability, some depression, slight confusion type feeling (although the whole summer feels like a blur of withdrawal so far so idk), headaches that can progress into migraines, fatigue, and tons of anxiety. There's probably more, but my brain feels like an angry animated scribble of shouting thoughts.  I've been continuing the supplements that helped a bit during the Lamictal withdrawal: daily multivitamin, calcium, magnesium, zinc, and b-complex. Also vitamin D since my dad has MS.  So does anyone have any advice on other stuff or activities that might help or have experiences they could share?  I feel like these stupid drugs should have the same kind of warning labels on them as nicotine products. I mean at least you get a nice big warning of how addictive of a substance nicotine is before getting addicted to it so you know what you've gotten yourself into. And it's bullshit that there's countless people out there professionally trained in helping people get off of the illegal drugs or alcohol but you're pretty much on your own struggling to get off the shit doctors prescribed you. I mean my psychiatrist is aware of me quitting these meds obviously. I actually took things much much slower than her orders because of how terrible it was. Ugh.  My advice to anyone who has to quit either of these drugs (Lamictal and Risperidone) someday: do it when you don't have a lot going on in your life and you have the free time to deal with all the emotions and side effects involved. I don't think I could handle this if I was working full time.
8yc2r9,1443,1453,ADR,depression,lamictal,lamictal,Risperidone (Risperdal) withdrawal. Could use advice. Well it took long enough but I finally got off my Lamictal and am on to quitting Risperidone. I waited until it had been like a solid 6 weeks since my last dose of Lamictal and most of the withdrawal was over. All this withdrawal has been going on since the start of May so I'm pretty sick of it and am tapering my Risperidone quicker so it can all be over sooner than later. This one definitely isn't as bad as the Lamictal withdrawal so that's good, but according to articles it can last way longer which is a bummer.  I was at .5mg twice daily and started by skipping my evening dose for 5 full days. Yesterday was my first day completely off it, and it started getting pretty rough there in the evening. I have a feeling today will be the worst day. I'm hoping since it's such a low dose it will be somewhat tame. I've also been working on quitting smoking (well using my ecig anyway) and am on step 2 of the patch but had some step 1 patches left over for rough days. So yesterday I wore a step 1 patch, and I'm doing the same thing today. It definitely helps at least a little to have the extra nicotine because I was dissociating slightly prior to putting it on today.  I've only thrown up once so far, but I have a super fickle stomach so that's not really much to make a fuss about. I made some jello and am going to try to stick to tame foods. Other symptoms: irritability, some depression, slight confusion type feeling (although the whole summer feels like a blur of withdrawal so far so idk), headaches that can progress into migraines, fatigue, and tons of anxiety. There's probably more, but my brain feels like an angry animated scribble of shouting thoughts.  I've been continuing the supplements that helped a bit during the Lamictal withdrawal: daily multivitamin, calcium, magnesium, zinc, and b-complex. Also vitamin D since my dad has MS.  So does anyone have any advice on other stuff or activities that might help or have experiences they could share?  I feel like these stupid drugs should have the same kind of warning labels on them as nicotine products. I mean at least you get a nice big warning of how addictive of a substance nicotine is before getting addicted to it so you know what you've gotten yourself into. And it's bullshit that there's countless people out there professionally trained in helping people get off of the illegal drugs or alcohol but you're pretty much on your own struggling to get off the shit doctors prescribed you. I mean my psychiatrist is aware of me quitting these meds obviously. I actually took things much much slower than her orders because of how terrible it was. Ugh.  My advice to anyone who has to quit either of these drugs (Lamictal and Risperidone) someday: do it when you don't have a lot going on in your life and you have the free time to deal with all the emotions and side effects involved. I don't think I could handle this if I was working full time.
8yc2r9,1560,1569,ADR,headaches,lamictal,lamictal,Risperidone (Risperdal) withdrawal. Could use advice. Well it took long enough but I finally got off my Lamictal and am on to quitting Risperidone. I waited until it had been like a solid 6 weeks since my last dose of Lamictal and most of the withdrawal was over. All this withdrawal has been going on since the start of May so I'm pretty sick of it and am tapering my Risperidone quicker so it can all be over sooner than later. This one definitely isn't as bad as the Lamictal withdrawal so that's good, but according to articles it can last way longer which is a bummer.  I was at .5mg twice daily and started by skipping my evening dose for 5 full days. Yesterday was my first day completely off it, and it started getting pretty rough there in the evening. I have a feeling today will be the worst day. I'm hoping since it's such a low dose it will be somewhat tame. I've also been working on quitting smoking (well using my ecig anyway) and am on step 2 of the patch but had some step 1 patches left over for rough days. So yesterday I wore a step 1 patch, and I'm doing the same thing today. It definitely helps at least a little to have the extra nicotine because I was dissociating slightly prior to putting it on today.  I've only thrown up once so far, but I have a super fickle stomach so that's not really much to make a fuss about. I made some jello and am going to try to stick to tame foods. Other symptoms: irritability, some depression, slight confusion type feeling (although the whole summer feels like a blur of withdrawal so far so idk), headaches that can progress into migraines, fatigue, and tons of anxiety. There's probably more, but my brain feels like an angry animated scribble of shouting thoughts.  I've been continuing the supplements that helped a bit during the Lamictal withdrawal: daily multivitamin, calcium, magnesium, zinc, and b-complex. Also vitamin D since my dad has MS.  So does anyone have any advice on other stuff or activities that might help or have experiences they could share?  I feel like these stupid drugs should have the same kind of warning labels on them as nicotine products. I mean at least you get a nice big warning of how addictive of a substance nicotine is before getting addicted to it so you know what you've gotten yourself into. And it's bullshit that there's countless people out there professionally trained in helping people get off of the illegal drugs or alcohol but you're pretty much on your own struggling to get off the shit doctors prescribed you. I mean my psychiatrist is aware of me quitting these meds obviously. I actually took things much much slower than her orders because of how terrible it was. Ugh.  My advice to anyone who has to quit either of these drugs (Lamictal and Risperidone) someday: do it when you don't have a lot going on in your life and you have the free time to deal with all the emotions and side effects involved. I don't think I could handle this if I was working full time.
8yc2r9,1593,1602,ADR,migraines,lamictal,lamictal,Risperidone (Risperdal) withdrawal. Could use advice. Well it took long enough but I finally got off my Lamictal and am on to quitting Risperidone. I waited until it had been like a solid 6 weeks since my last dose of Lamictal and most of the withdrawal was over. All this withdrawal has been going on since the start of May so I'm pretty sick of it and am tapering my Risperidone quicker so it can all be over sooner than later. This one definitely isn't as bad as the Lamictal withdrawal so that's good, but according to articles it can last way longer which is a bummer.  I was at .5mg twice daily and started by skipping my evening dose for 5 full days. Yesterday was my first day completely off it, and it started getting pretty rough there in the evening. I have a feeling today will be the worst day. I'm hoping since it's such a low dose it will be somewhat tame. I've also been working on quitting smoking (well using my ecig anyway) and am on step 2 of the patch but had some step 1 patches left over for rough days. So yesterday I wore a step 1 patch, and I'm doing the same thing today. It definitely helps at least a little to have the extra nicotine because I was dissociating slightly prior to putting it on today.  I've only thrown up once so far, but I have a super fickle stomach so that's not really much to make a fuss about. I made some jello and am going to try to stick to tame foods. Other symptoms: irritability, some depression, slight confusion type feeling (although the whole summer feels like a blur of withdrawal so far so idk), headaches that can progress into migraines, fatigue, and tons of anxiety. There's probably more, but my brain feels like an angry animated scribble of shouting thoughts.  I've been continuing the supplements that helped a bit during the Lamictal withdrawal: daily multivitamin, calcium, magnesium, zinc, and b-complex. Also vitamin D since my dad has MS.  So does anyone have any advice on other stuff or activities that might help or have experiences they could share?  I feel like these stupid drugs should have the same kind of warning labels on them as nicotine products. I mean at least you get a nice big warning of how addictive of a substance nicotine is before getting addicted to it so you know what you've gotten yourself into. And it's bullshit that there's countless people out there professionally trained in helping people get off of the illegal drugs or alcohol but you're pretty much on your own struggling to get off the shit doctors prescribed you. I mean my psychiatrist is aware of me quitting these meds obviously. I actually took things much much slower than her orders because of how terrible it was. Ugh.  My advice to anyone who has to quit either of these drugs (Lamictal and Risperidone) someday: do it when you don't have a lot going on in your life and you have the free time to deal with all the emotions and side effects involved. I don't think I could handle this if I was working full time.
8yc2r9,1604,1611,ADR,fatigue,lamictal,lamictal,Risperidone (Risperdal) withdrawal. Could use advice. Well it took long enough but I finally got off my Lamictal and am on to quitting Risperidone. I waited until it had been like a solid 6 weeks since my last dose of Lamictal and most of the withdrawal was over. All this withdrawal has been going on since the start of May so I'm pretty sick of it and am tapering my Risperidone quicker so it can all be over sooner than later. This one definitely isn't as bad as the Lamictal withdrawal so that's good, but according to articles it can last way longer which is a bummer.  I was at .5mg twice daily and started by skipping my evening dose for 5 full days. Yesterday was my first day completely off it, and it started getting pretty rough there in the evening. I have a feeling today will be the worst day. I'm hoping since it's such a low dose it will be somewhat tame. I've also been working on quitting smoking (well using my ecig anyway) and am on step 2 of the patch but had some step 1 patches left over for rough days. So yesterday I wore a step 1 patch, and I'm doing the same thing today. It definitely helps at least a little to have the extra nicotine because I was dissociating slightly prior to putting it on today.  I've only thrown up once so far, but I have a super fickle stomach so that's not really much to make a fuss about. I made some jello and am going to try to stick to tame foods. Other symptoms: irritability, some depression, slight confusion type feeling (although the whole summer feels like a blur of withdrawal so far so idk), headaches that can progress into migraines, fatigue, and tons of anxiety. There's probably more, but my brain feels like an angry animated scribble of shouting thoughts.  I've been continuing the supplements that helped a bit during the Lamictal withdrawal: daily multivitamin, calcium, magnesium, zinc, and b-complex. Also vitamin D since my dad has MS.  So does anyone have any advice on other stuff or activities that might help or have experiences they could share?  I feel like these stupid drugs should have the same kind of warning labels on them as nicotine products. I mean at least you get a nice big warning of how addictive of a substance nicotine is before getting addicted to it so you know what you've gotten yourself into. And it's bullshit that there's countless people out there professionally trained in helping people get off of the illegal drugs or alcohol but you're pretty much on your own struggling to get off the shit doctors prescribed you. I mean my psychiatrist is aware of me quitting these meds obviously. I actually took things much much slower than her orders because of how terrible it was. Ugh.  My advice to anyone who has to quit either of these drugs (Lamictal and Risperidone) someday: do it when you don't have a lot going on in your life and you have the free time to deal with all the emotions and side effects involved. I don't think I could handle this if I was working full time.
8yc2r9,2186,2195,ADR,addictive,lamictal,lamictal,Risperidone (Risperdal) withdrawal. Could use advice. Well it took long enough but I finally got off my Lamictal and am on to quitting Risperidone. I waited until it had been like a solid 6 weeks since my last dose of Lamictal and most of the withdrawal was over. All this withdrawal has been going on since the start of May so I'm pretty sick of it and am tapering my Risperidone quicker so it can all be over sooner than later. This one definitely isn't as bad as the Lamictal withdrawal so that's good, but according to articles it can last way longer which is a bummer.  I was at .5mg twice daily and started by skipping my evening dose for 5 full days. Yesterday was my first day completely off it, and it started getting pretty rough there in the evening. I have a feeling today will be the worst day. I'm hoping since it's such a low dose it will be somewhat tame. I've also been working on quitting smoking (well using my ecig anyway) and am on step 2 of the patch but had some step 1 patches left over for rough days. So yesterday I wore a step 1 patch, and I'm doing the same thing today. It definitely helps at least a little to have the extra nicotine because I was dissociating slightly prior to putting it on today.  I've only thrown up once so far, but I have a super fickle stomach so that's not really much to make a fuss about. I made some jello and am going to try to stick to tame foods. Other symptoms: irritability, some depression, slight confusion type feeling (although the whole summer feels like a blur of withdrawal so far so idk), headaches that can progress into migraines, fatigue, and tons of anxiety. There's probably more, but my brain feels like an angry animated scribble of shouting thoughts.  I've been continuing the supplements that helped a bit during the Lamictal withdrawal: daily multivitamin, calcium, magnesium, zinc, and b-complex. Also vitamin D since my dad has MS.  So does anyone have any advice on other stuff or activities that might help or have experiences they could share?  I feel like these stupid drugs should have the same kind of warning labels on them as nicotine products. I mean at least you get a nice big warning of how addictive of a substance nicotine is before getting addicted to it so you know what you've gotten yourself into. And it's bullshit that there's countless people out there professionally trained in helping people get off of the illegal drugs or alcohol but you're pretty much on your own struggling to get off the shit doctors prescribed you. I mean my psychiatrist is aware of me quitting these meds obviously. I actually took things much much slower than her orders because of how terrible it was. Ugh.  My advice to anyone who has to quit either of these drugs (Lamictal and Risperidone) someday: do it when you don't have a lot going on in your life and you have the free time to deal with all the emotions and side effects involved. I don't think I could handle this if I was working full time.
8y4fvv,869,877,ADR,cravings,wellbutrin,wellbutrin,Help with depression fatigue I have been very fatigue for 3 months. My shrink had me get bloodwork done to check my levels for thyroid,  vitamin and deficiency ect. I am on lamictal which is a miracle drug, buspar and then visterol as needed.  I have tried every depression med out there with no luck (except lamictal). During last shrink visit, he suggested vitamin d and said we would talk more next visit  I am still fatigue. Constantly tired, no motivation, loss of interest in everything. I come home and sit on the couch. It takes every bit of energy to shower daily  I brought this up to my PCP and she suggested wellbutrin or adderall.  She said the stimulant in it could help me focus and give me energy. She couldn't write the prescription because I am already seeing a doctor for meds. Wellbutrin is a no. I hated it. Head was cloudy, felt heavy &amp; I had cravings very badly which made me worry of weight gain.   I want to try adderall to my meds but I'm not sure how to bring this up to my doctor. He is fully aware of my chronic fatigue and lack of interest. He is 75 and I truly don't know how he will act ifI say "heyyyyyyyyy. Can u prescribe me adderall?".   How can I successfully and professionally bring this up. My appt is in 3 wks
8y4fvv,912,923,ADR,weight gain,wellbutrin,wellbutrin,Help with depression fatigue I have been very fatigue for 3 months. My shrink had me get bloodwork done to check my levels for thyroid,  vitamin and deficiency ect. I am on lamictal which is a miracle drug, buspar and then visterol as needed.  I have tried every depression med out there with no luck (except lamictal). During last shrink visit, he suggested vitamin d and said we would talk more next visit  I am still fatigue. Constantly tired, no motivation, loss of interest in everything. I come home and sit on the couch. It takes every bit of energy to shower daily  I brought this up to my PCP and she suggested wellbutrin or adderall.  She said the stimulant in it could help me focus and give me energy. She couldn't write the prescription because I am already seeing a doctor for meds. Wellbutrin is a no. I hated it. Head was cloudy, felt heavy &amp; I had cravings very badly which made me worry of weight gain.   I want to try adderall to my meds but I'm not sure how to bring this up to my doctor. He is fully aware of my chronic fatigue and lack of interest. He is 75 and I truly don't know how he will act ifI say "heyyyyyyyyy. Can u prescribe me adderall?".   How can I successfully and professionally bring this up. My appt is in 3 wks
8y4fvv,1037,1052,ADR,chronic fatigue,lamictal,lamictal,Help with depression fatigue I have been very fatigue for 3 months. My shrink had me get bloodwork done to check my levels for thyroid,  vitamin and deficiency ect. I am on lamictal which is a miracle drug, buspar and then visterol as needed.  I have tried every depression med out there with no luck (except lamictal). During last shrink visit, he suggested vitamin d and said we would talk more next visit  I am still fatigue. Constantly tired, no motivation, loss of interest in everything. I come home and sit on the couch. It takes every bit of energy to shower daily  I brought this up to my PCP and she suggested wellbutrin or adderall.  She said the stimulant in it could help me focus and give me energy. She couldn't write the prescription because I am already seeing a doctor for meds. Wellbutrin is a no. I hated it. Head was cloudy, felt heavy &amp; I had cravings very badly which made me worry of weight gain.   I want to try adderall to my meds but I'm not sure how to bring this up to my doctor. He is fully aware of my chronic fatigue and lack of interest. He is 75 and I truly don't know how he will act ifI say "heyyyyyyyyy. Can u prescribe me adderall?".   How can I successfully and professionally bring this up. My appt is in 3 wks
8y257x,135,150,ADR,head is buzzing,lamictal,lamictal,Head full of bees? I just added wellbutrin to my lamictal this morning and once I took it I felt funny. all I can describe it as is my head is buzzing kinda like bees. is this normal?? It doesn't hurt or anything but it's weird
8y1h1b,88,99,ADR,weight gain,lamictal,lamictal,Starting Rexulti Anyone have bad side effects? I’m most scared about the possibility of weight gain and tics. I’ve struggled with body dysmorphia and am TERRIFIED of gaining weight. Most medications give me ideations. I was hospitalized a few years back after bad side effects from Lexapro. I’m understandably terrified.   I’m doing a Lamictal (400mg) and Rexulti (0.5mg) combo for six weeks. Wish me luck guys.
8y1h1b,104,108,ADR,tics,lamictal,lamictal,Starting Rexulti Anyone have bad side effects? I’m most scared about the possibility of weight gain and tics. I’ve struggled with body dysmorphia and am TERRIFIED of gaining weight. Most medications give me ideations. I was hospitalized a few years back after bad side effects from Lexapro. I’m understandably terrified.   I’m doing a Lamictal (400mg) and Rexulti (0.5mg) combo for six weeks. Wish me luck guys.
8y1h1b,207,216,ADR,ideations,lamictal,lamictal,Starting Rexulti Anyone have bad side effects? I’m most scared about the possibility of weight gain and tics. I’ve struggled with body dysmorphia and am TERRIFIED of gaining weight. Most medications give me ideations. I was hospitalized a few years back after bad side effects from Lexapro. I’m understandably terrified.   I’m doing a Lamictal (400mg) and Rexulti (0.5mg) combo for six weeks. Wish me luck guys.
8xv3ql,705,712,ADR,anxiety,lamictal,lamictal,What an awful day First off, I love reading everybody’s posts, I relate so much sometime and it helps me get through the lows.   Today was the worst of days for me. I was diagnosed within the last year with bipolar and I have been trying to work through it and understand it day by day. I’ve been trialing meds over this period and finally have started to find something that works. My psychologist wants to start low dose and build up as not to overdose me, which is all fine and dandy, but at this point I just want to feel normal. I’m on lamictal and it is definitely helping me not have my highs, but it’s settling me in my lows. My psychologist is about to put me on anti depressants to help, but my anxiety is through the roof that it won’t work fast enough.   Today just happened to be one of those days that if it can go wrong, it did. I’m at wits end and just feel like all is lost. I don’t feel totally suicidal, but I’m worried I’m going to get there if something good doesn’t happen on my life soon.   I’ve refrained from posting for awhile as I’m just not that kind of person to put my struggles on others, but this community has helped me without giving advice and honestly venting is making it a bit less stressful.   Has anybody been there where nothing seems to go right and nothing looks good on the horizon? How do you cope and pull yourself out of the abyss that is depression?
8xu7iy,1065,1072,ADR,seizure,lamictal,lamictal,BPC-157 with epilepsy disorder I posted this elsewhere but no one seems to be able to give any feedback on the matter so I am posting this here.    I would really like to try bpc because recently I have been proned to injury. I have had 3 surgeries since january 2018 and a fractured heel. Plus I also have problems with bowel movements due to my muscles inhibility to push it through or something along those lines. I feel that my dopamine is off, maybe some damage from extended use of stimulants and other drugs.  I have a rare form of epilepsy and I dont know of any other cases. I have a dysplasia in my brain that is not a form of cancer and is not increasing in size. Dead brain matter in my central cortex that misfires signals. This causes the left side of my body to go numb. I can still use it, I am fully lucid, and I do not shake just numbness. They last about 13 seconds. I am on medication that decreases the amount that I have but I still have at most 20 a day. It really depends because a few years the meds work then they just stop working and my seizure frequencies are all over the map throughout my life. Currently more than they were last year. It is not life threatning just very irritating. Although I have epilepsy I have used over 60 different drugs, not including supplements. I know this isnt a necessarily good idea with my condition but only once did i have a seizure from using drugs and that was 25i. I have used all classes of drugs and not really had any seizures due to them. So I am not typically worried about trying it but I would like feedback. I have stopped the recreational drugs and started breaking bad habits. My goal now is to use the bpc to help fix my dopamine system and all my other problems. I just have a few questions.  Has anyone else ever used bpc with an epilepsy disorder?  I know that it is ideal to use nothing else while running the cycle but i have to take lamictal. Does anyone know if it would interact? It is an anticonvulsant used to treat seizures and bi-polar disorder. From my understanding my medicine stops my seizures by increasing action of GABA  and  decrease voltage-sensitive sodium channels. Does BPC affect those areas in any way?  Is it possible the bpc will help improve my condition? Decrease my amount of seizures? Or increase seizure threshold?  Just overall what are the risk?  All and any feedback is greatly appreciated!
8zbjbw,3607,3616,ADR,heartburn,xarelto,xarelto,Where to buy Ibuprofen (Generic Motrin) online cheap # IBUPROFEN TABLET  ## What is this medicine?  IBUPROFEN is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). The medicine may be used for dental pain, fever, headaches or migraines, osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis or painful monthly periods. It can also relieve minor aches and pains caused by a cold, flu, or sore throat.   **Where to buy Ibuprofen (Generic Motrin) online ? This webstore -** [**Online Pharmacy**](http://usamedication.farmaccforhost.com/)   *^(ibuprofen ibuprofen dosage ibuprofen overdose ibuprofen for dogs ibuprofen side effects ibuprofen alcohol ibuprofen dosing ibuprofen for fever ibuprofen max dose ibuprofen for kids ibuprofeno ibuprofen pm ibuprofen and aspirin ibuprofen and pregnancy ibuprofen and kidneys ibuprofen advil ibuprofen and liver ibuprofen after surgery ibuprofen and aleve ibuprofen alternative ibuprofen and dogs a ibuprofen pill ibuprofen a paracetamol ibuprofen a blood thinner ibuprofen a well known non-steroidal ibuprofen a nurofen ibuprofen a fever reducer ibuprofen a day ibuprofen a ketoprofen ibuprofen a muscle relaxer ibuprofen a naproxen ibuprofen brands ibuprofen blood pressure ibuprofen bad for you ibuprofen brand name ibuprofen bad for liver ibuprofen bleeding ibuprofen by weight ibuprofen baby ibuprofen benefits ibuprofen back pain ibuprofen b.p ibuprofen b.p 200mg ibuprofen b.p 600 mg ibuprofen b.p. 400 ibuprofen b ibuprofen b&amp;m radian b ibuprofen gel radian b ibuprofen gel 30g hepatitis b ibuprofen radian b ibuprofen gel review ibuprofen cream ibuprofen childrens ibuprofen classification ibuprofen cvs ibuprofen chemical formula ibuprofen cost ibuprofen chewable ibuprofen caffeine ibuprofen constipation ibuprofen children dosage ibuprofen c section ibuprofen c section breastfeeding ibuprofen c nmr ibuprofen c max ibuprofen c ibuprofen c diff ibuprofen c reactive protein vitamin c ibuprofen hepatitis c ibuprofen bnf c ibuprofen ibuprofen dose ibuprofen davis pdf ibuprofen dosage for dogs ibuprofen dogs ibuprofen dosage children ibuprofen dosage infant ibuprofen dosage chart ibuprofen directions ibuprofen dangers d-ibuprofen dboy ibuprofen vitamin d ibuprofen claritin d ibuprofen mucinex d ibuprofen zyrtec d ibuprofen allegra d ibuprofen log d ibuprofen aspirin a n d ibuprofen ibuprofeno d ibuprofen effects ibuprofen every day ibuprofen effects on liver ibuprofen equate ibuprofen empty stomach ibuprofen excretion ibuprofen edema ibuprofen equivalent ibuprofen every 6 hours ibuprofen effect on kidneys e ibuprofeno ibuprofene e paracetamolo ibuprofeno es antiinflamatorio ibuprofeno e paracetamol ibuprofene e alcool ibuprofeno e álcool ibuprofeno e cetoprofeno ibuprofene e favismo ibuprofeno e dipirona ibuprofene e ketoprofene ibuprofen for swelling ibuprofen for infants ibuprofen for headaches ibuprofen for babies ibuprofen for cramps ibuprofen for uti ibuprofen for cold ibuprofen for gout gonal f ibuprofen impurity f ibuprofen carol-of ibuprofen ibuprofen fc dolofen-f ibuprofen 400 mg obat dolofen-f ibuprofen dolofen-f ibuprofen obat apa ibuprofen für. kinder ibuprofen f.c. tablets ibuprofen f.c. tab ibuprofen gel ibuprofen generic name ibuprofen gout ibuprofen generic ibuprofen g2 ibuprofen gummies ibuprofen gastritis ibuprofen gi bleed ibuprofen good for ibuprofen gel 10 ibuprofen g 2 600 mg ibuprofen 1.2 g ibuprofen 1 g ibuprofen ibuprofen 800 mg ibuprofen 200 mg 80g ibuprofen 1000 mg ibuprofen generic ibuprofen g 2 g 2 pill ibuprofen ibuprofen half life ibuprofen headache ibuprofen heart ibuprofen how often ibuprofen hangover ibuprofen heartburn ibuprofen heart failure ibuprofen hives ibuprofen hazards ibuprofen history ibuprofen h nmr ibuprofen h pylori ibuprofen h en p zinnen ibuprofen h und p sätze ibuprofen infant ibuprofen infant dosage ibuprofen interactions ibuprofen in pregnancy ibuprofen in spanish ibuprofen ib ibuprofen i-2 ibuprofen in dogs ibuprofen instructions ibuprofen indications is ibuprofen bad for you is ibuprofen an nsaid is ibuprofen a blood thinner is ibuprofen tylenol is ibuprofen advil is ibuprofen aspirin is ibuprofen motrin is ibuprofen safe for dogs is ibuprofen bad for dogs is ibuprofen and motrin the same thing ibuprofen joint pain ibuprofen japan ibuprofen junior ibuprofen jaw pain ibuprofen jokes ibuprofen jittery ibuprofen jitters ibuprofen j code ibuprofen junior dosage ibuprofen joint damage ibuprofen j pouch ibuprofen j tube impurity j ibuprofen impureza j ibuprofeno ibuprofeno j ibuprofen kidney ibuprofen kids ibuprofen kidney damage ibuprofen kids dosage ibuprofen kidney pain ibuprofen kidney or liver ibuprofen keto ibuprofen kroger ibuprofen kirkland ibuprofen kinetics test vitamin k ibuprofen circle k ibuprofen k es ibuprofeno voltaren k ibuprofen k čemu je ibuprofen ibuprofen k.j 400mg ibuprofen k.j k es un ibuprofeno k contiene el ibuprofeno ibuprofeno para que sirve ibuprofen liver ibuprofen liquid ibuprofen label ibuprofen lysine ibuprofen ld50 ibuprofen lyrics ibuprofen long term use ibuprofen liquid gels ibuprofen lower blood pressure ibuprofen lewis structure l'ibuprofen l'ibuprofene fa male l'ibuprofene è un antinfiammatorio el ibuprofeno ibuprofen (al) 400 mg l'ibuprofene est il dangereux l'ibuprofene è un fans l'ibuprofen que podem representar com a l'ibuprofene va bene per la febbre l'ibuprofene e diclofenac ibuprofen mechanism of action ibuprofen metabolism ibuprofen mg ibuprofen moa ibuprofen melting point ibuprofen migraine ibuprofen msds ibuprofen medication ibuprofen mg/kg ibuprofen m ibuprofen m/z b&amp;m ibuprofen b&amp;m ibuprofen gel algoflex m ibuprofen ibuprofene m il 2 m. meulengracht ibuprofen ibuprofen m.crohn ibuprofen nsaid ibuprofen nursing implications ibuprofen nausea ibuprofen naproxen ibuprofen names ibuprofen near me ibuprofen news ibuprofen normal dose ibuprofen not helping headache ibuprofen nursing considerations ibuprofen and paracetamol ibuprofen and alcohol ibuprofen and asthma paracetamol and ibuprofen suspension brustan-n ibuprofen n-acetylcysteine ibuprofen chicken pox and ibuprofen ibuprofen n ibuprofen and helvepharm 600 mg ibuprofen otc ibuprofen or naproxen ibuprofen or aspirin ibuprofen or tylenol ibuprofen or aleve ibuprofen on acne ibuprofen od ibuprofen onset ibuprofen other names o ibuprofeno o ibuprofeno é antiinflamatório o ibuprofeno serve para garganta inflamada o ibuprofeno atua como analgesico o ibuprofeno serve para que o ibuprofeno é um farmaco ibuprofeno o naproxeno ibuprofeno o diclofenaco ibuprofene o paracetamolo ibuprofen pills ibuprofen pediatric dosing ibuprofen pregnancy category ibuprofen price ibuprofen prescription ibuprofen pseudoephedrine ibuprofen patch ibuprofen pm dosage ibuprofen para que sirve ibuprofen p.m ibuprofen p ibuprofen p medicine ibuprofen p 75 ibuprofen logp p-isobutylacetophenone to ibuprofen ibuprofeno p q serve ibuprofeno p que serve ibuprofeno p dor de garganta ibuprofeno p ibuprofen quizlet ibuprofen que es ibuprofen quit smoking ibuprofen queasy ibuprofen q4h ibuprofen qatar ibuprofen qas ibuprofen qt interval ibuprofen quora ibuprofen quand le prendre ibuprofen q hours q-pap and ibuprofen q dryl and ibuprofen ibuprofeno q contiene ibuprofeno q es ibuprofeno para q sirve ibuprofen q es ibuprofeno q hace ibuprofen q contiene ibuprofeno para q es ibuprofen risks ibuprofen rash ibuprofen recall ibuprofen reduce fever ibuprofen reaction ibuprofen recommended dosage ibuprofen reduce swelling ibuprofen rebound headache ibuprofen red pill ibuprofen rite aid r ibuprofen melting point (r)-(-)-ibuprofen sigma aldrich r- ibuprofen specific rotation r ibuprofeno r-ibuprofeno y s-ibuprofeno ibuprofen r and s enantiomers ibuprofen r form ibuprofen r stereoisomer ibuprofeno r e s ibuprofene r et s ibuprofen stomach ibuprofen swelling ibuprofen sodium ibuprofen suspension ibuprofen stomach ache ibuprofen sore throat ibuprofen shelf life ibuprofen sleepy ibuprofen strength s ibuprofen structure s ibuprofen synthesis s ibuprofen specific rotation s ibuprofen melting point s ibuprofen msds s-ibuprofen wiki s ibuprofen solubility s ibuprofen sigma s ibuprofeno ibuprofen s enantiomer ibuprofen toxicity ibuprofen tablets ibuprofen thin blood ibuprofen toxicity dogs ibuprofen target ibuprofen trade name ibuprofen tinnitus ibuprofen tolerance ibuprofen toddler ibuprofen testosterone t-ibuprofen 400 mg ibuprofen t 1/2 ibuprofen t nation ibuprofen tmax t cells ibuprofen ibuprofen t shirt t shirt ibuprofen chapter ibuprofeno y alcohol ibuprofen t online ibuprofen uses ibuprofen ulcer ibuprofen usp ibuprofen uti ibuprofen under 6 months ibuprofen usa ibuprofen uptodate ibuprofen urine test ibuprofen usp 200 mg u-ibuprofen ibuprofen u menstruaciji ibuprofen u srbiji ibuprofen u hrvatskoj ibuprofen u trudnoći ibuprofen u dzieci ibuprofen u prahu ibuprofen u granulama ibuprofen u psa ibuprofen u niemowlaka ibuprofen vs aspirin ibuprofen vs aleve ibuprofen vs motrin ibuprofen vs acetaminophen ibuprofen vs acetaminophen for pain ibuprofen versus tylenol ibuprofen versus acetaminophen ibuprofen vs tylenol for fever ibuprofen vs nsaid ibuprofen vs tylenol for headache naproxen or ibuprofen ibuprofen v aspirin ibuprofen or paracetamol tylenol or ibuprofen aleve or ibuprofen ibuprofen or nurofen advil or ibuprofen ibuprofen v motrin diclofenac or ibuprofen ibuprofen v1 ibuprofen walmart ibuprofen walgreens ibuprofen while breastfeeding ibuprofen withdrawal ibuprofen with food ibuprofen wiki ibuprofen with tylenol ibuprofen with aspirin ibuprofen weight gain ibuprofen while pregnant ibuprofen w polsce ibuprofen w alcohol ibuprofen w ciąży ibuprofen w ciąży skutki ibuprofen w czopkach ibuprofen w ospie ibuprofen w czasie karmienia piersia ibuprofen w syropie ibuprofen w saszetkach ibuprofen w czopkach dla niemowląt ibuprofen xanax ibuprofen xl ibuprofen xarelto ibuprofen xanax alcohol ibuprofen xrd ibuprofen xtc ibuprofen xfen flashtab ibuprofen xl 150 mg ibuprofen xpect first aid ibuprofen xda gas x ibuprofen nimesulida e ibuprofeno ibuprofeno x cetoprofeno ibuprofeno x paracetamol ibuprofeno x dipirona ibuprofeno x diclofenaco ibuprofeno x álcool ibuprofeno x naproxeno ibuprofeno x profenid ibuprofeno x amoxicilina ibuprofen youngest age ibuprofen youtube ibuprofen yogurt ibuprofen yellow skin ibuprofen yeast infection ibuprofen younger than 6 months ibuprofen yellow urine ibuprofen yan etkileri ibuprofen ysp ibuprofen ya and you ibuprofeno y lactancia ibuprofeno y paracetamol ibuprofeno y embarazo ibuprofeno y paracetamol juntos ibuprofeno y cafeina ibuprofeno y varicela ibuprofeno y cerveza ibuprofeno y diclofenaco ibuprofeno y naproxeno ibuprofen zoloft ibuprofen zyrtec ibuprofen zantac ibuprofen zatoki ibuprofen zastosowanie ibuprofen zyrtec interaction ibuprofen zolpidem ibuprofen zit treatment ibuprofen zofran interactions ibuprofen zit z ibuprofenum ibuprofen z pack ibuprofen z paracetamolem ibuprofen z alkoholem ibuprofen z pseudoefedryną ibuprofen z kodeiną ibuprofen z aspiryną ibuprofen z antybiotykiem ibuprofen z czym nie łączyć ibuprofen z ketonalem ibuprofen 0.4 ibuprofen 0.2 ibuprofen 00 ibuprofen 1 000 mg ibuprofen trackid=sp-006 ibuprofen arginine granules 0.4g 0bat ibuprofen ibuprofen 8 00 ibuprofen 044 ibuprofen 0 2 cena ibuprofen 0 4 0 que é ibuprofeno ibuprofen 0 2 ибупрофен 0 2г ibuprofen 0 2 60 tabletek ibuprofen 123 ibuprofen 100mg ibuprofen 122 ibuprofen 1-2 ibuprofen 1000 ibuprofen 10 ibuprofen 1600 mg ibuprofen 100mg dosage ibuprofen 110 ibuprofen 114 1 ibuprofen and 1 tylenol 1 ibuprofen a day 1 ibuprofen 2 tylenol 1 ibuprofen and alcohol 1 ibuprofen a day side effects 1 ibuprofen and 2 paracetamol 1 ibuprofen 1 paracetamol 1 ibuprofen during pregnancy 1 ibuprofen per day ibuprofen 200mg ibuprofen 200mg dosage ibuprofen 2 year old ibuprofen 200 mg directions ibuprofen 24 hours ibuprofen 2nd trimester ibuprofen 200 mg side effects ibuprofen 200 mg pill ibuprofen 200mg tablets ibuprofen 2018 2 ibuprofen every 4 hours 2 ibuprofen 800 mg 2 ibuprofen 600 2 ibuprofen and 1 tylenol 2 ibuprofen and alcohol 2 ibuprofen and 1 aleve 2 ibuprofen 600 mg 2 ibuprofen daily 2 ibuprofen a day 2 ibuprofen and 3 tylenol ibuprofen 325 ibuprofen 300 ibuprofen 325 mg ibuprofen 3 months old ibuprofen 3200 mg ibuprofen 3 year old ibuprofen 30 lbs ibuprofen 3d model ibuprofen 3 pills ibuprofen 3 weeks pregnant 3 ibuprofen every 6 hours 3 ibuprofen and 2 tylenol 3 ibuprofen pm 3 ibuprofen 200 mg 3 ibuprofen 800 3 ibuprofen at once 3 ibuprofen and 2 aleve 3 ibuprofen a day 3 ibuprofen 3 times day 3 ibuprofen and 2 acetaminophen ibuprofen 400 ibuprofen 400 mg ibuprofen 44 291 ibuprofen 466 ibuprofen 465 ibuprofen 400 mg otc ibuprofen 400mg tablets ibuprofen 400mg dosage ibuprofen 44 438 ibuprofen 44-393 4 ibuprofen at once 4 ibuprofen a day 4 ibuprofen 800mg 4 ibuprofen 200 mg 4 ibuprofen with alcohol 4 ibuprofen every 4 hours 4 ibuprofen and 2 tylenol 4 ibuprofen for menstrual cramps 4 ibuprofen every 6 hours 4 ibuprofen every 8 hours ibuprofen 500mg ibuprofen 500 ibuprofen 51 ibuprofen 57 ibuprofen 50 mg ibuprofen 500 count ibuprofen 500 dosage ibuprofen 5 gel ibuprofen 500 mg costco ibuprofen 5 ml 5 ibuprofen gel 5 ibuprofen cream 5 ibuprofen at once 5 ibuprofen and alcohol 5 ibuprofen in 2 hours 5 ibuprofen tablets ibuprofen 5 w/w gel ibuprofen 5 month old ibuprofen 5 year old ibuprofen 5 weeks pregnant ibuprofen 600 mg ibuprofen 600 ibuprofen 600 dosage ibuprofen 600 mg used for ibuprofen 600 mg over the counter ibuprofen 600 mg cost ibuprofen 600 mg i7 ibuprofen 6 months ibuprofen 600mg tablets ibuprofen 650 mg 6 ibuprofen a day 6 ibuprofen in 24 hours 6 ibuprofen at once 6 ibuprofen in 12 hours 6 ibuprofen in 2 hours 6 ibuprofen overdose 6 ibuprofen in 4 hours 6 ibuprofen and 2 paracetamol 6 ibuprofen pm 6 ibuprofen in 3 hours ibuprofen 700 ibuprofen 7 month old ibuprofen 700 mg ibuprofen 750 mg ibuprofen 75 lbs ibuprofen 75 mg ibuprofen 7 eleven ibuprofen 7 weeks pregnant ibuprofen 7/11 ibuprofen 70 basf 7 ibuprofen in 24 hours 7 ibuprofen at once ibuprofen 7 year old ibuprofen 7 months pregnant ibuprofen 7 days before surgery ibuprofen 7 days ibuprofen 800 ibuprofen 800 dosage ibuprofen 800 123 ibuprofen 800 and alcohol ibuprofen 800 uses ibuprofen 800 mg price ibuprofen 800 ingredients ibuprofen 81 ibuprofen 800 milligrams ibuprofen 800 mg for back pain 8 ibuprofen a day 8 ibuprofen tablets at once 8 ibuprofen in 4 hours 8 ibuprofen in 24 hours 8 ibuprofen in 12 hours 8 ibuprofen in 2 hours 8 ibuprofen in one go ibuprofen 8 month old ibuprofen 8 year old ibuprofen 8 week old ibuprofen 9 month old ibuprofen 900 ibuprofen 9 year old ibuprofen 900 mg ibuprofen 90 pounds ibuprofen 96 ibuprofen 9 weeks pregnant ibuprofen 9 yr old ibuprofen 9 months ibuprofen 96 tablets 9 ibuprofen at once 9 ibuprofen 24 hours 9 ibuprofen a day 9 ibuprofen overdose i9 ibuprofen generic motrin generic motrin 800 generic motrin 600 generic motrin cost motrin generic name motrin generic and trade name motrin generic and brand name generic for motrin 800 mg cvs generic motrin generic children's motrin walgreens generic motrin prescription motrin and breastfeeding prescription coated motrin motrin prescription cost what is generic motrin called generic name for children's motrin prescription motrin dosage motrin prescription drug generic for motrin generic for motrin 600 mg prescription motrin for back pain prescription for motrin generic name for motrin generic name for motrin 800 mg generic brand for motrin prescription motrin high generic infant motrin motrin generic ibuprofen prescription motrin ingredients motrin ib generic name prescription liquid motrin what does generic motrin look like generic motrin 600 mg generic 800 mg motrin prescription motrin names children's motrin generic name generic of motrin prescription of motrin generic name of motrin generic brand of motrin generic version of motrin prescription motrin pills prescription motrin side effects prescription motrin strength prescription strength motrin dosage prescription strength motrin side effects prescription motrin vs. over the counter prescription motrin vs advil prescription motrin vs ibuprofen generic ibuprofen vs motrin prescription motrin while breastfeeding prescription motrin 400 mg prescription motrin 800 mg side effects prescription motrin 800 mg dosage motrin 800 generic name)*
8zbjbw,4545,4558,ADR,kidney damage,xarelto,xarelto,Where to buy Ibuprofen (Generic Motrin) online cheap # IBUPROFEN TABLET  ## What is this medicine?  IBUPROFEN is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). The medicine may be used for dental pain, fever, headaches or migraines, osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis or painful monthly periods. It can also relieve minor aches and pains caused by a cold, flu, or sore throat.   **Where to buy Ibuprofen (Generic Motrin) online ? This webstore -** [**Online Pharmacy**](http://usamedication.farmaccforhost.com/)   *^(ibuprofen ibuprofen dosage ibuprofen overdose ibuprofen for dogs ibuprofen side effects ibuprofen alcohol ibuprofen dosing ibuprofen for fever ibuprofen max dose ibuprofen for kids ibuprofeno ibuprofen pm ibuprofen and aspirin ibuprofen and pregnancy ibuprofen and kidneys ibuprofen advil ibuprofen and liver ibuprofen after surgery ibuprofen and aleve ibuprofen alternative ibuprofen and dogs a ibuprofen pill ibuprofen a paracetamol ibuprofen a blood thinner ibuprofen a well known non-steroidal ibuprofen a nurofen ibuprofen a fever reducer ibuprofen a day ibuprofen a ketoprofen ibuprofen a muscle relaxer ibuprofen a naproxen ibuprofen brands ibuprofen blood pressure ibuprofen bad for you ibuprofen brand name ibuprofen bad for liver ibuprofen bleeding ibuprofen by weight ibuprofen baby ibuprofen benefits ibuprofen back pain ibuprofen b.p ibuprofen b.p 200mg ibuprofen b.p 600 mg ibuprofen b.p. 400 ibuprofen b ibuprofen b&amp;m radian b ibuprofen gel radian b ibuprofen gel 30g hepatitis b ibuprofen radian b ibuprofen gel review ibuprofen cream ibuprofen childrens ibuprofen classification ibuprofen cvs ibuprofen chemical formula ibuprofen cost ibuprofen chewable ibuprofen caffeine ibuprofen constipation ibuprofen children dosage ibuprofen c section ibuprofen c section breastfeeding ibuprofen c nmr ibuprofen c max ibuprofen c ibuprofen c diff ibuprofen c reactive protein vitamin c ibuprofen hepatitis c ibuprofen bnf c ibuprofen ibuprofen dose ibuprofen davis pdf ibuprofen dosage for dogs ibuprofen dogs ibuprofen dosage children ibuprofen dosage infant ibuprofen dosage chart ibuprofen directions ibuprofen dangers d-ibuprofen dboy ibuprofen vitamin d ibuprofen claritin d ibuprofen mucinex d ibuprofen zyrtec d ibuprofen allegra d ibuprofen log d ibuprofen aspirin a n d ibuprofen ibuprofeno d ibuprofen effects ibuprofen every day ibuprofen effects on liver ibuprofen equate ibuprofen empty stomach ibuprofen excretion ibuprofen edema ibuprofen equivalent ibuprofen every 6 hours ibuprofen effect on kidneys e ibuprofeno ibuprofene e paracetamolo ibuprofeno es antiinflamatorio ibuprofeno e paracetamol ibuprofene e alcool ibuprofeno e álcool ibuprofeno e cetoprofeno ibuprofene e favismo ibuprofeno e dipirona ibuprofene e ketoprofene ibuprofen for swelling ibuprofen for infants ibuprofen for headaches ibuprofen for babies ibuprofen for cramps ibuprofen for uti ibuprofen for cold ibuprofen for gout gonal f ibuprofen impurity f ibuprofen carol-of ibuprofen ibuprofen fc dolofen-f ibuprofen 400 mg obat dolofen-f ibuprofen dolofen-f ibuprofen obat apa ibuprofen für. kinder ibuprofen f.c. tablets ibuprofen f.c. tab ibuprofen gel ibuprofen generic name ibuprofen gout ibuprofen generic ibuprofen g2 ibuprofen gummies ibuprofen gastritis ibuprofen gi bleed ibuprofen good for ibuprofen gel 10 ibuprofen g 2 600 mg ibuprofen 1.2 g ibuprofen 1 g ibuprofen ibuprofen 800 mg ibuprofen 200 mg 80g ibuprofen 1000 mg ibuprofen generic ibuprofen g 2 g 2 pill ibuprofen ibuprofen half life ibuprofen headache ibuprofen heart ibuprofen how often ibuprofen hangover ibuprofen heartburn ibuprofen heart failure ibuprofen hives ibuprofen hazards ibuprofen history ibuprofen h nmr ibuprofen h pylori ibuprofen h en p zinnen ibuprofen h und p sätze ibuprofen infant ibuprofen infant dosage ibuprofen interactions ibuprofen in pregnancy ibuprofen in spanish ibuprofen ib ibuprofen i-2 ibuprofen in dogs ibuprofen instructions ibuprofen indications is ibuprofen bad for you is ibuprofen an nsaid is ibuprofen a blood thinner is ibuprofen tylenol is ibuprofen advil is ibuprofen aspirin is ibuprofen motrin is ibuprofen safe for dogs is ibuprofen bad for dogs is ibuprofen and motrin the same thing ibuprofen joint pain ibuprofen japan ibuprofen junior ibuprofen jaw pain ibuprofen jokes ibuprofen jittery ibuprofen jitters ibuprofen j code ibuprofen junior dosage ibuprofen joint damage ibuprofen j pouch ibuprofen j tube impurity j ibuprofen impureza j ibuprofeno ibuprofeno j ibuprofen kidney ibuprofen kids ibuprofen kidney damage ibuprofen kids dosage ibuprofen kidney pain ibuprofen kidney or liver ibuprofen keto ibuprofen kroger ibuprofen kirkland ibuprofen kinetics test vitamin k ibuprofen circle k ibuprofen k es ibuprofeno voltaren k ibuprofen k čemu je ibuprofen ibuprofen k.j 400mg ibuprofen k.j k es un ibuprofeno k contiene el ibuprofeno ibuprofeno para que sirve ibuprofen liver ibuprofen liquid ibuprofen label ibuprofen lysine ibuprofen ld50 ibuprofen lyrics ibuprofen long term use ibuprofen liquid gels ibuprofen lower blood pressure ibuprofen lewis structure l'ibuprofen l'ibuprofene fa male l'ibuprofene è un antinfiammatorio el ibuprofeno ibuprofen (al) 400 mg l'ibuprofene est il dangereux l'ibuprofene è un fans l'ibuprofen que podem representar com a l'ibuprofene va bene per la febbre l'ibuprofene e diclofenac ibuprofen mechanism of action ibuprofen metabolism ibuprofen mg ibuprofen moa ibuprofen melting point ibuprofen migraine ibuprofen msds ibuprofen medication ibuprofen mg/kg ibuprofen m ibuprofen m/z b&amp;m ibuprofen b&amp;m ibuprofen gel algoflex m ibuprofen ibuprofene m il 2 m. meulengracht ibuprofen ibuprofen m.crohn ibuprofen nsaid ibuprofen nursing implications ibuprofen nausea ibuprofen naproxen ibuprofen names ibuprofen near me ibuprofen news ibuprofen normal dose ibuprofen not helping headache ibuprofen nursing considerations ibuprofen and paracetamol ibuprofen and alcohol ibuprofen and asthma paracetamol and ibuprofen suspension brustan-n ibuprofen n-acetylcysteine ibuprofen chicken pox and ibuprofen ibuprofen n ibuprofen and helvepharm 600 mg ibuprofen otc ibuprofen or naproxen ibuprofen or aspirin ibuprofen or tylenol ibuprofen or aleve ibuprofen on acne ibuprofen od ibuprofen onset ibuprofen other names o ibuprofeno o ibuprofeno é antiinflamatório o ibuprofeno serve para garganta inflamada o ibuprofeno atua como analgesico o ibuprofeno serve para que o ibuprofeno é um farmaco ibuprofeno o naproxeno ibuprofeno o diclofenaco ibuprofene o paracetamolo ibuprofen pills ibuprofen pediatric dosing ibuprofen pregnancy category ibuprofen price ibuprofen prescription ibuprofen pseudoephedrine ibuprofen patch ibuprofen pm dosage ibuprofen para que sirve ibuprofen p.m ibuprofen p ibuprofen p medicine ibuprofen p 75 ibuprofen logp p-isobutylacetophenone to ibuprofen ibuprofeno p q serve ibuprofeno p que serve ibuprofeno p dor de garganta ibuprofeno p ibuprofen quizlet ibuprofen que es ibuprofen quit smoking ibuprofen queasy ibuprofen q4h ibuprofen qatar ibuprofen qas ibuprofen qt interval ibuprofen quora ibuprofen quand le prendre ibuprofen q hours q-pap and ibuprofen q dryl and ibuprofen ibuprofeno q contiene ibuprofeno q es ibuprofeno para q sirve ibuprofen q es ibuprofeno q hace ibuprofen q contiene ibuprofeno para q es ibuprofen risks ibuprofen rash ibuprofen recall ibuprofen reduce fever ibuprofen reaction ibuprofen recommended dosage ibuprofen reduce swelling ibuprofen rebound headache ibuprofen red pill ibuprofen rite aid r ibuprofen melting point (r)-(-)-ibuprofen sigma aldrich r- ibuprofen specific rotation r ibuprofeno r-ibuprofeno y s-ibuprofeno ibuprofen r and s enantiomers ibuprofen r form ibuprofen r stereoisomer ibuprofeno r e s ibuprofene r et s ibuprofen stomach ibuprofen swelling ibuprofen sodium ibuprofen suspension ibuprofen stomach ache ibuprofen sore throat ibuprofen shelf life ibuprofen sleepy ibuprofen strength s ibuprofen structure s ibuprofen synthesis s ibuprofen specific rotation s ibuprofen melting point s ibuprofen msds s-ibuprofen wiki s ibuprofen solubility s ibuprofen sigma s ibuprofeno ibuprofen s enantiomer ibuprofen toxicity ibuprofen tablets ibuprofen thin blood ibuprofen toxicity dogs ibuprofen target ibuprofen trade name ibuprofen tinnitus ibuprofen tolerance ibuprofen toddler ibuprofen testosterone t-ibuprofen 400 mg ibuprofen t 1/2 ibuprofen t nation ibuprofen tmax t cells ibuprofen ibuprofen t shirt t shirt ibuprofen chapter ibuprofeno y alcohol ibuprofen t online ibuprofen uses ibuprofen ulcer ibuprofen usp ibuprofen uti ibuprofen under 6 months ibuprofen usa ibuprofen uptodate ibuprofen urine test ibuprofen usp 200 mg u-ibuprofen ibuprofen u menstruaciji ibuprofen u srbiji ibuprofen u hrvatskoj ibuprofen u trudnoći ibuprofen u dzieci ibuprofen u prahu ibuprofen u granulama ibuprofen u psa ibuprofen u niemowlaka ibuprofen vs aspirin ibuprofen vs aleve ibuprofen vs motrin ibuprofen vs acetaminophen ibuprofen vs acetaminophen for pain ibuprofen versus tylenol ibuprofen versus acetaminophen ibuprofen vs tylenol for fever ibuprofen vs nsaid ibuprofen vs tylenol for headache naproxen or ibuprofen ibuprofen v aspirin ibuprofen or paracetamol tylenol or ibuprofen aleve or ibuprofen ibuprofen or nurofen advil or ibuprofen ibuprofen v motrin diclofenac or ibuprofen ibuprofen v1 ibuprofen walmart ibuprofen walgreens ibuprofen while breastfeeding ibuprofen withdrawal ibuprofen with food ibuprofen wiki ibuprofen with tylenol ibuprofen with aspirin ibuprofen weight gain ibuprofen while pregnant ibuprofen w polsce ibuprofen w alcohol ibuprofen w ciąży ibuprofen w ciąży skutki ibuprofen w czopkach ibuprofen w ospie ibuprofen w czasie karmienia piersia ibuprofen w syropie ibuprofen w saszetkach ibuprofen w czopkach dla niemowląt ibuprofen xanax ibuprofen xl ibuprofen xarelto ibuprofen xanax alcohol ibuprofen xrd ibuprofen xtc ibuprofen xfen flashtab ibuprofen xl 150 mg ibuprofen xpect first aid ibuprofen xda gas x ibuprofen nimesulida e ibuprofeno ibuprofeno x cetoprofeno ibuprofeno x paracetamol ibuprofeno x dipirona ibuprofeno x diclofenaco ibuprofeno x álcool ibuprofeno x naproxeno ibuprofeno x profenid ibuprofeno x amoxicilina ibuprofen youngest age ibuprofen youtube ibuprofen yogurt ibuprofen yellow skin ibuprofen yeast infection ibuprofen younger than 6 months ibuprofen yellow urine ibuprofen yan etkileri ibuprofen ysp ibuprofen ya and you ibuprofeno y lactancia ibuprofeno y paracetamol ibuprofeno y embarazo ibuprofeno y paracetamol juntos ibuprofeno y cafeina ibuprofeno y varicela ibuprofeno y cerveza ibuprofeno y diclofenaco ibuprofeno y naproxeno ibuprofen zoloft ibuprofen zyrtec ibuprofen zantac ibuprofen zatoki ibuprofen zastosowanie ibuprofen zyrtec interaction ibuprofen zolpidem ibuprofen zit treatment ibuprofen zofran interactions ibuprofen zit z ibuprofenum ibuprofen z pack ibuprofen z paracetamolem ibuprofen z alkoholem ibuprofen z pseudoefedryną ibuprofen z kodeiną ibuprofen z aspiryną ibuprofen z antybiotykiem ibuprofen z czym nie łączyć ibuprofen z ketonalem ibuprofen 0.4 ibuprofen 0.2 ibuprofen 00 ibuprofen 1 000 mg ibuprofen trackid=sp-006 ibuprofen arginine granules 0.4g 0bat ibuprofen ibuprofen 8 00 ibuprofen 044 ibuprofen 0 2 cena ibuprofen 0 4 0 que é ibuprofeno ibuprofen 0 2 ибупрофен 0 2г ibuprofen 0 2 60 tabletek ibuprofen 123 ibuprofen 100mg ibuprofen 122 ibuprofen 1-2 ibuprofen 1000 ibuprofen 10 ibuprofen 1600 mg ibuprofen 100mg dosage ibuprofen 110 ibuprofen 114 1 ibuprofen and 1 tylenol 1 ibuprofen a day 1 ibuprofen 2 tylenol 1 ibuprofen and alcohol 1 ibuprofen a day side effects 1 ibuprofen and 2 paracetamol 1 ibuprofen 1 paracetamol 1 ibuprofen during pregnancy 1 ibuprofen per day ibuprofen 200mg ibuprofen 200mg dosage ibuprofen 2 year old ibuprofen 200 mg directions ibuprofen 24 hours ibuprofen 2nd trimester ibuprofen 200 mg side effects ibuprofen 200 mg pill ibuprofen 200mg tablets ibuprofen 2018 2 ibuprofen every 4 hours 2 ibuprofen 800 mg 2 ibuprofen 600 2 ibuprofen and 1 tylenol 2 ibuprofen and alcohol 2 ibuprofen and 1 aleve 2 ibuprofen 600 mg 2 ibuprofen daily 2 ibuprofen a day 2 ibuprofen and 3 tylenol ibuprofen 325 ibuprofen 300 ibuprofen 325 mg ibuprofen 3 months old ibuprofen 3200 mg ibuprofen 3 year old ibuprofen 30 lbs ibuprofen 3d model ibuprofen 3 pills ibuprofen 3 weeks pregnant 3 ibuprofen every 6 hours 3 ibuprofen and 2 tylenol 3 ibuprofen pm 3 ibuprofen 200 mg 3 ibuprofen 800 3 ibuprofen at once 3 ibuprofen and 2 aleve 3 ibuprofen a day 3 ibuprofen 3 times day 3 ibuprofen and 2 acetaminophen ibuprofen 400 ibuprofen 400 mg ibuprofen 44 291 ibuprofen 466 ibuprofen 465 ibuprofen 400 mg otc ibuprofen 400mg tablets ibuprofen 400mg dosage ibuprofen 44 438 ibuprofen 44-393 4 ibuprofen at once 4 ibuprofen a day 4 ibuprofen 800mg 4 ibuprofen 200 mg 4 ibuprofen with alcohol 4 ibuprofen every 4 hours 4 ibuprofen and 2 tylenol 4 ibuprofen for menstrual cramps 4 ibuprofen every 6 hours 4 ibuprofen every 8 hours ibuprofen 500mg ibuprofen 500 ibuprofen 51 ibuprofen 57 ibuprofen 50 mg ibuprofen 500 count ibuprofen 500 dosage ibuprofen 5 gel ibuprofen 500 mg costco ibuprofen 5 ml 5 ibuprofen gel 5 ibuprofen cream 5 ibuprofen at once 5 ibuprofen and alcohol 5 ibuprofen in 2 hours 5 ibuprofen tablets ibuprofen 5 w/w gel ibuprofen 5 month old ibuprofen 5 year old ibuprofen 5 weeks pregnant ibuprofen 600 mg ibuprofen 600 ibuprofen 600 dosage ibuprofen 600 mg used for ibuprofen 600 mg over the counter ibuprofen 600 mg cost ibuprofen 600 mg i7 ibuprofen 6 months ibuprofen 600mg tablets ibuprofen 650 mg 6 ibuprofen a day 6 ibuprofen in 24 hours 6 ibuprofen at once 6 ibuprofen in 12 hours 6 ibuprofen in 2 hours 6 ibuprofen overdose 6 ibuprofen in 4 hours 6 ibuprofen and 2 paracetamol 6 ibuprofen pm 6 ibuprofen in 3 hours ibuprofen 700 ibuprofen 7 month old ibuprofen 700 mg ibuprofen 750 mg ibuprofen 75 lbs ibuprofen 75 mg ibuprofen 7 eleven ibuprofen 7 weeks pregnant ibuprofen 7/11 ibuprofen 70 basf 7 ibuprofen in 24 hours 7 ibuprofen at once ibuprofen 7 year old ibuprofen 7 months pregnant ibuprofen 7 days before surgery ibuprofen 7 days ibuprofen 800 ibuprofen 800 dosage ibuprofen 800 123 ibuprofen 800 and alcohol ibuprofen 800 uses ibuprofen 800 mg price ibuprofen 800 ingredients ibuprofen 81 ibuprofen 800 milligrams ibuprofen 800 mg for back pain 8 ibuprofen a day 8 ibuprofen tablets at once 8 ibuprofen in 4 hours 8 ibuprofen in 24 hours 8 ibuprofen in 12 hours 8 ibuprofen in 2 hours 8 ibuprofen in one go ibuprofen 8 month old ibuprofen 8 year old ibuprofen 8 week old ibuprofen 9 month old ibuprofen 900 ibuprofen 9 year old ibuprofen 900 mg ibuprofen 90 pounds ibuprofen 96 ibuprofen 9 weeks pregnant ibuprofen 9 yr old ibuprofen 9 months ibuprofen 96 tablets 9 ibuprofen at once 9 ibuprofen 24 hours 9 ibuprofen a day 9 ibuprofen overdose i9 ibuprofen generic motrin generic motrin 800 generic motrin 600 generic motrin cost motrin generic name motrin generic and trade name motrin generic and brand name generic for motrin 800 mg cvs generic motrin generic children's motrin walgreens generic motrin prescription motrin and breastfeeding prescription coated motrin motrin prescription cost what is generic motrin called generic name for children's motrin prescription motrin dosage motrin prescription drug generic for motrin generic for motrin 600 mg prescription motrin for back pain prescription for motrin generic name for motrin generic name for motrin 800 mg generic brand for motrin prescription motrin high generic infant motrin motrin generic ibuprofen prescription motrin ingredients motrin ib generic name prescription liquid motrin what does generic motrin look like generic motrin 600 mg generic 800 mg motrin prescription motrin names children's motrin generic name generic of motrin prescription of motrin generic name of motrin generic brand of motrin generic version of motrin prescription motrin pills prescription motrin side effects prescription motrin strength prescription strength motrin dosage prescription strength motrin side effects prescription motrin vs. over the counter prescription motrin vs advil prescription motrin vs ibuprofen generic ibuprofen vs motrin prescription motrin while breastfeeding prescription motrin 400 mg prescription motrin 800 mg side effects prescription motrin 800 mg dosage motrin 800 generic name)*
8zbjbw,3270,3279,ADR,gastritis,xarelto,xarelto,Where to buy Ibuprofen (Generic Motrin) online cheap # IBUPROFEN TABLET  ## What is this medicine?  IBUPROFEN is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). The medicine may be used for dental pain, fever, headaches or migraines, osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis or painful monthly periods. It can also relieve minor aches and pains caused by a cold, flu, or sore throat.   **Where to buy Ibuprofen (Generic Motrin) online ? This webstore -** [**Online Pharmacy**](http://usamedication.farmaccforhost.com/)   *^(ibuprofen ibuprofen dosage ibuprofen overdose ibuprofen for dogs ibuprofen side effects ibuprofen alcohol ibuprofen dosing ibuprofen for fever ibuprofen max dose ibuprofen for kids ibuprofeno ibuprofen pm ibuprofen and aspirin ibuprofen and pregnancy ibuprofen and kidneys ibuprofen advil ibuprofen and liver ibuprofen after surgery ibuprofen and aleve ibuprofen alternative ibuprofen and dogs a ibuprofen pill ibuprofen a paracetamol ibuprofen a blood thinner ibuprofen a well known non-steroidal ibuprofen a nurofen ibuprofen a fever reducer ibuprofen a day ibuprofen a ketoprofen ibuprofen a muscle relaxer ibuprofen a naproxen ibuprofen brands ibuprofen blood pressure ibuprofen bad for you ibuprofen brand name ibuprofen bad for liver ibuprofen bleeding ibuprofen by weight ibuprofen baby ibuprofen benefits ibuprofen back pain ibuprofen b.p ibuprofen b.p 200mg ibuprofen b.p 600 mg ibuprofen b.p. 400 ibuprofen b ibuprofen b&amp;m radian b ibuprofen gel radian b ibuprofen gel 30g hepatitis b ibuprofen radian b ibuprofen gel review ibuprofen cream ibuprofen childrens ibuprofen classification ibuprofen cvs ibuprofen chemical formula ibuprofen cost ibuprofen chewable ibuprofen caffeine ibuprofen constipation ibuprofen children dosage ibuprofen c section ibuprofen c section breastfeeding ibuprofen c nmr ibuprofen c max ibuprofen c ibuprofen c diff ibuprofen c reactive protein vitamin c ibuprofen hepatitis c ibuprofen bnf c ibuprofen ibuprofen dose ibuprofen davis pdf ibuprofen dosage for dogs ibuprofen dogs ibuprofen dosage children ibuprofen dosage infant ibuprofen dosage chart ibuprofen directions ibuprofen dangers d-ibuprofen dboy ibuprofen vitamin d ibuprofen claritin d ibuprofen mucinex d ibuprofen zyrtec d ibuprofen allegra d ibuprofen log d ibuprofen aspirin a n d ibuprofen ibuprofeno d ibuprofen effects ibuprofen every day ibuprofen effects on liver ibuprofen equate ibuprofen empty stomach ibuprofen excretion ibuprofen edema ibuprofen equivalent ibuprofen every 6 hours ibuprofen effect on kidneys e ibuprofeno ibuprofene e paracetamolo ibuprofeno es antiinflamatorio ibuprofeno e paracetamol ibuprofene e alcool ibuprofeno e álcool ibuprofeno e cetoprofeno ibuprofene e favismo ibuprofeno e dipirona ibuprofene e ketoprofene ibuprofen for swelling ibuprofen for infants ibuprofen for headaches ibuprofen for babies ibuprofen for cramps ibuprofen for uti ibuprofen for cold ibuprofen for gout gonal f ibuprofen impurity f ibuprofen carol-of ibuprofen ibuprofen fc dolofen-f ibuprofen 400 mg obat dolofen-f ibuprofen dolofen-f ibuprofen obat apa ibuprofen für. kinder ibuprofen f.c. tablets ibuprofen f.c. tab ibuprofen gel ibuprofen generic name ibuprofen gout ibuprofen generic ibuprofen g2 ibuprofen gummies ibuprofen gastritis ibuprofen gi bleed ibuprofen good for ibuprofen gel 10 ibuprofen g 2 600 mg ibuprofen 1.2 g ibuprofen 1 g ibuprofen ibuprofen 800 mg ibuprofen 200 mg 80g ibuprofen 1000 mg ibuprofen generic ibuprofen g 2 g 2 pill ibuprofen ibuprofen half life ibuprofen headache ibuprofen heart ibuprofen how often ibuprofen hangover ibuprofen heartburn ibuprofen heart failure ibuprofen hives ibuprofen hazards ibuprofen history ibuprofen h nmr ibuprofen h pylori ibuprofen h en p zinnen ibuprofen h und p sätze ibuprofen infant ibuprofen infant dosage ibuprofen interactions ibuprofen in pregnancy ibuprofen in spanish ibuprofen ib ibuprofen i-2 ibuprofen in dogs ibuprofen instructions ibuprofen indications is ibuprofen bad for you is ibuprofen an nsaid is ibuprofen a blood thinner is ibuprofen tylenol is ibuprofen advil is ibuprofen aspirin is ibuprofen motrin is ibuprofen safe for dogs is ibuprofen bad for dogs is ibuprofen and motrin the same thing ibuprofen joint pain ibuprofen japan ibuprofen junior ibuprofen jaw pain ibuprofen jokes ibuprofen jittery ibuprofen jitters ibuprofen j code ibuprofen junior dosage ibuprofen joint damage ibuprofen j pouch ibuprofen j tube impurity j ibuprofen impureza j ibuprofeno ibuprofeno j ibuprofen kidney ibuprofen kids ibuprofen kidney damage ibuprofen kids dosage ibuprofen kidney pain ibuprofen kidney or liver ibuprofen keto ibuprofen kroger ibuprofen kirkland ibuprofen kinetics test vitamin k ibuprofen circle k ibuprofen k es ibuprofeno voltaren k ibuprofen k čemu je ibuprofen ibuprofen k.j 400mg ibuprofen k.j k es un ibuprofeno k contiene el ibuprofeno ibuprofeno para que sirve ibuprofen liver ibuprofen liquid ibuprofen label ibuprofen lysine ibuprofen ld50 ibuprofen lyrics ibuprofen long term use ibuprofen liquid gels ibuprofen lower blood pressure ibuprofen lewis structure l'ibuprofen l'ibuprofene fa male l'ibuprofene è un antinfiammatorio el ibuprofeno ibuprofen (al) 400 mg l'ibuprofene est il dangereux l'ibuprofene è un fans l'ibuprofen que podem representar com a l'ibuprofene va bene per la febbre l'ibuprofene e diclofenac ibuprofen mechanism of action ibuprofen metabolism ibuprofen mg ibuprofen moa ibuprofen melting point ibuprofen migraine ibuprofen msds ibuprofen medication ibuprofen mg/kg ibuprofen m ibuprofen m/z b&amp;m ibuprofen b&amp;m ibuprofen gel algoflex m ibuprofen ibuprofene m il 2 m. meulengracht ibuprofen ibuprofen m.crohn ibuprofen nsaid ibuprofen nursing implications ibuprofen nausea ibuprofen naproxen ibuprofen names ibuprofen near me ibuprofen news ibuprofen normal dose ibuprofen not helping headache ibuprofen nursing considerations ibuprofen and paracetamol ibuprofen and alcohol ibuprofen and asthma paracetamol and ibuprofen suspension brustan-n ibuprofen n-acetylcysteine ibuprofen chicken pox and ibuprofen ibuprofen n ibuprofen and helvepharm 600 mg ibuprofen otc ibuprofen or naproxen ibuprofen or aspirin ibuprofen or tylenol ibuprofen or aleve ibuprofen on acne ibuprofen od ibuprofen onset ibuprofen other names o ibuprofeno o ibuprofeno é antiinflamatório o ibuprofeno serve para garganta inflamada o ibuprofeno atua como analgesico o ibuprofeno serve para que o ibuprofeno é um farmaco ibuprofeno o naproxeno ibuprofeno o diclofenaco ibuprofene o paracetamolo ibuprofen pills ibuprofen pediatric dosing ibuprofen pregnancy category ibuprofen price ibuprofen prescription ibuprofen pseudoephedrine ibuprofen patch ibuprofen pm dosage ibuprofen para que sirve ibuprofen p.m ibuprofen p ibuprofen p medicine ibuprofen p 75 ibuprofen logp p-isobutylacetophenone to ibuprofen ibuprofeno p q serve ibuprofeno p que serve ibuprofeno p dor de garganta ibuprofeno p ibuprofen quizlet ibuprofen que es ibuprofen quit smoking ibuprofen queasy ibuprofen q4h ibuprofen qatar ibuprofen qas ibuprofen qt interval ibuprofen quora ibuprofen quand le prendre ibuprofen q hours q-pap and ibuprofen q dryl and ibuprofen ibuprofeno q contiene ibuprofeno q es ibuprofeno para q sirve ibuprofen q es ibuprofeno q hace ibuprofen q contiene ibuprofeno para q es ibuprofen risks ibuprofen rash ibuprofen recall ibuprofen reduce fever ibuprofen reaction ibuprofen recommended dosage ibuprofen reduce swelling ibuprofen rebound headache ibuprofen red pill ibuprofen rite aid r ibuprofen melting point (r)-(-)-ibuprofen sigma aldrich r- ibuprofen specific rotation r ibuprofeno r-ibuprofeno y s-ibuprofeno ibuprofen r and s enantiomers ibuprofen r form ibuprofen r stereoisomer ibuprofeno r e s ibuprofene r et s ibuprofen stomach ibuprofen swelling ibuprofen sodium ibuprofen suspension ibuprofen stomach ache ibuprofen sore throat ibuprofen shelf life ibuprofen sleepy ibuprofen strength s ibuprofen structure s ibuprofen synthesis s ibuprofen specific rotation s ibuprofen melting point s ibuprofen msds s-ibuprofen wiki s ibuprofen solubility s ibuprofen sigma s ibuprofeno ibuprofen s enantiomer ibuprofen toxicity ibuprofen tablets ibuprofen thin blood ibuprofen toxicity dogs ibuprofen target ibuprofen trade name ibuprofen tinnitus ibuprofen tolerance ibuprofen toddler ibuprofen testosterone t-ibuprofen 400 mg ibuprofen t 1/2 ibuprofen t nation ibuprofen tmax t cells ibuprofen ibuprofen t shirt t shirt ibuprofen chapter ibuprofeno y alcohol ibuprofen t online ibuprofen uses ibuprofen ulcer ibuprofen usp ibuprofen uti ibuprofen under 6 months ibuprofen usa ibuprofen uptodate ibuprofen urine test ibuprofen usp 200 mg u-ibuprofen ibuprofen u menstruaciji ibuprofen u srbiji ibuprofen u hrvatskoj ibuprofen u trudnoći ibuprofen u dzieci ibuprofen u prahu ibuprofen u granulama ibuprofen u psa ibuprofen u niemowlaka ibuprofen vs aspirin ibuprofen vs aleve ibuprofen vs motrin ibuprofen vs acetaminophen ibuprofen vs acetaminophen for pain ibuprofen versus tylenol ibuprofen versus acetaminophen ibuprofen vs tylenol for fever ibuprofen vs nsaid ibuprofen vs tylenol for headache naproxen or ibuprofen ibuprofen v aspirin ibuprofen or paracetamol tylenol or ibuprofen aleve or ibuprofen ibuprofen or nurofen advil or ibuprofen ibuprofen v motrin diclofenac or ibuprofen ibuprofen v1 ibuprofen walmart ibuprofen walgreens ibuprofen while breastfeeding ibuprofen withdrawal ibuprofen with food ibuprofen wiki ibuprofen with tylenol ibuprofen with aspirin ibuprofen weight gain ibuprofen while pregnant ibuprofen w polsce ibuprofen w alcohol ibuprofen w ciąży ibuprofen w ciąży skutki ibuprofen w czopkach ibuprofen w ospie ibuprofen w czasie karmienia piersia ibuprofen w syropie ibuprofen w saszetkach ibuprofen w czopkach dla niemowląt ibuprofen xanax ibuprofen xl ibuprofen xarelto ibuprofen xanax alcohol ibuprofen xrd ibuprofen xtc ibuprofen xfen flashtab ibuprofen xl 150 mg ibuprofen xpect first aid ibuprofen xda gas x ibuprofen nimesulida e ibuprofeno ibuprofeno x cetoprofeno ibuprofeno x paracetamol ibuprofeno x dipirona ibuprofeno x diclofenaco ibuprofeno x álcool ibuprofeno x naproxeno ibuprofeno x profenid ibuprofeno x amoxicilina ibuprofen youngest age ibuprofen youtube ibuprofen yogurt ibuprofen yellow skin ibuprofen yeast infection ibuprofen younger than 6 months ibuprofen yellow urine ibuprofen yan etkileri ibuprofen ysp ibuprofen ya and you ibuprofeno y lactancia ibuprofeno y paracetamol ibuprofeno y embarazo ibuprofeno y paracetamol juntos ibuprofeno y cafeina ibuprofeno y varicela ibuprofeno y cerveza ibuprofeno y diclofenaco ibuprofeno y naproxeno ibuprofen zoloft ibuprofen zyrtec ibuprofen zantac ibuprofen zatoki ibuprofen zastosowanie ibuprofen zyrtec interaction ibuprofen zolpidem ibuprofen zit treatment ibuprofen zofran interactions ibuprofen zit z ibuprofenum ibuprofen z pack ibuprofen z paracetamolem ibuprofen z alkoholem ibuprofen z pseudoefedryną ibuprofen z kodeiną ibuprofen z aspiryną ibuprofen z antybiotykiem ibuprofen z czym nie łączyć ibuprofen z ketonalem ibuprofen 0.4 ibuprofen 0.2 ibuprofen 00 ibuprofen 1 000 mg ibuprofen trackid=sp-006 ibuprofen arginine granules 0.4g 0bat ibuprofen ibuprofen 8 00 ibuprofen 044 ibuprofen 0 2 cena ibuprofen 0 4 0 que é ibuprofeno ibuprofen 0 2 ибупрофен 0 2г ibuprofen 0 2 60 tabletek ibuprofen 123 ibuprofen 100mg ibuprofen 122 ibuprofen 1-2 ibuprofen 1000 ibuprofen 10 ibuprofen 1600 mg ibuprofen 100mg dosage ibuprofen 110 ibuprofen 114 1 ibuprofen and 1 tylenol 1 ibuprofen a day 1 ibuprofen 2 tylenol 1 ibuprofen and alcohol 1 ibuprofen a day side effects 1 ibuprofen and 2 paracetamol 1 ibuprofen 1 paracetamol 1 ibuprofen during pregnancy 1 ibuprofen per day ibuprofen 200mg ibuprofen 200mg dosage ibuprofen 2 year old ibuprofen 200 mg directions ibuprofen 24 hours ibuprofen 2nd trimester ibuprofen 200 mg side effects ibuprofen 200 mg pill ibuprofen 200mg tablets ibuprofen 2018 2 ibuprofen every 4 hours 2 ibuprofen 800 mg 2 ibuprofen 600 2 ibuprofen and 1 tylenol 2 ibuprofen and alcohol 2 ibuprofen and 1 aleve 2 ibuprofen 600 mg 2 ibuprofen daily 2 ibuprofen a day 2 ibuprofen and 3 tylenol ibuprofen 325 ibuprofen 300 ibuprofen 325 mg ibuprofen 3 months old ibuprofen 3200 mg ibuprofen 3 year old ibuprofen 30 lbs ibuprofen 3d model ibuprofen 3 pills ibuprofen 3 weeks pregnant 3 ibuprofen every 6 hours 3 ibuprofen and 2 tylenol 3 ibuprofen pm 3 ibuprofen 200 mg 3 ibuprofen 800 3 ibuprofen at once 3 ibuprofen and 2 aleve 3 ibuprofen a day 3 ibuprofen 3 times day 3 ibuprofen and 2 acetaminophen ibuprofen 400 ibuprofen 400 mg ibuprofen 44 291 ibuprofen 466 ibuprofen 465 ibuprofen 400 mg otc ibuprofen 400mg tablets ibuprofen 400mg dosage ibuprofen 44 438 ibuprofen 44-393 4 ibuprofen at once 4 ibuprofen a day 4 ibuprofen 800mg 4 ibuprofen 200 mg 4 ibuprofen with alcohol 4 ibuprofen every 4 hours 4 ibuprofen and 2 tylenol 4 ibuprofen for menstrual cramps 4 ibuprofen every 6 hours 4 ibuprofen every 8 hours ibuprofen 500mg ibuprofen 500 ibuprofen 51 ibuprofen 57 ibuprofen 50 mg ibuprofen 500 count ibuprofen 500 dosage ibuprofen 5 gel ibuprofen 500 mg costco ibuprofen 5 ml 5 ibuprofen gel 5 ibuprofen cream 5 ibuprofen at once 5 ibuprofen and alcohol 5 ibuprofen in 2 hours 5 ibuprofen tablets ibuprofen 5 w/w gel ibuprofen 5 month old ibuprofen 5 year old ibuprofen 5 weeks pregnant ibuprofen 600 mg ibuprofen 600 ibuprofen 600 dosage ibuprofen 600 mg used for ibuprofen 600 mg over the counter ibuprofen 600 mg cost ibuprofen 600 mg i7 ibuprofen 6 months ibuprofen 600mg tablets ibuprofen 650 mg 6 ibuprofen a day 6 ibuprofen in 24 hours 6 ibuprofen at once 6 ibuprofen in 12 hours 6 ibuprofen in 2 hours 6 ibuprofen overdose 6 ibuprofen in 4 hours 6 ibuprofen and 2 paracetamol 6 ibuprofen pm 6 ibuprofen in 3 hours ibuprofen 700 ibuprofen 7 month old ibuprofen 700 mg ibuprofen 750 mg ibuprofen 75 lbs ibuprofen 75 mg ibuprofen 7 eleven ibuprofen 7 weeks pregnant ibuprofen 7/11 ibuprofen 70 basf 7 ibuprofen in 24 hours 7 ibuprofen at once ibuprofen 7 year old ibuprofen 7 months pregnant ibuprofen 7 days before surgery ibuprofen 7 days ibuprofen 800 ibuprofen 800 dosage ibuprofen 800 123 ibuprofen 800 and alcohol ibuprofen 800 uses ibuprofen 800 mg price ibuprofen 800 ingredients ibuprofen 81 ibuprofen 800 milligrams ibuprofen 800 mg for back pain 8 ibuprofen a day 8 ibuprofen tablets at once 8 ibuprofen in 4 hours 8 ibuprofen in 24 hours 8 ibuprofen in 12 hours 8 ibuprofen in 2 hours 8 ibuprofen in one go ibuprofen 8 month old ibuprofen 8 year old ibuprofen 8 week old ibuprofen 9 month old ibuprofen 900 ibuprofen 9 year old ibuprofen 900 mg ibuprofen 90 pounds ibuprofen 96 ibuprofen 9 weeks pregnant ibuprofen 9 yr old ibuprofen 9 months ibuprofen 96 tablets 9 ibuprofen at once 9 ibuprofen 24 hours 9 ibuprofen a day 9 ibuprofen overdose i9 ibuprofen generic motrin generic motrin 800 generic motrin 600 generic motrin cost motrin generic name motrin generic and trade name motrin generic and brand name generic for motrin 800 mg cvs generic motrin generic children's motrin walgreens generic motrin prescription motrin and breastfeeding prescription coated motrin motrin prescription cost what is generic motrin called generic name for children's motrin prescription motrin dosage motrin prescription drug generic for motrin generic for motrin 600 mg prescription motrin for back pain prescription for motrin generic name for motrin generic name for motrin 800 mg generic brand for motrin prescription motrin high generic infant motrin motrin generic ibuprofen prescription motrin ingredients motrin ib generic name prescription liquid motrin what does generic motrin look like generic motrin 600 mg generic 800 mg motrin prescription motrin names children's motrin generic name generic of motrin prescription of motrin generic name of motrin generic brand of motrin generic version of motrin prescription motrin pills prescription motrin side effects prescription motrin strength prescription strength motrin dosage prescription strength motrin side effects prescription motrin vs. over the counter prescription motrin vs advil prescription motrin vs ibuprofen generic ibuprofen vs motrin prescription motrin while breastfeeding prescription motrin 400 mg prescription motrin 800 mg side effects prescription motrin 800 mg dosage motrin 800 generic name)*
8zbjbw,5742,5748,ADR,nausea,xarelto,xarelto,Where to buy Ibuprofen (Generic Motrin) online cheap # IBUPROFEN TABLET  ## What is this medicine?  IBUPROFEN is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). The medicine may be used for dental pain, fever, headaches or migraines, osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis or painful monthly periods. It can also relieve minor aches and pains caused by a cold, flu, or sore throat.   **Where to buy Ibuprofen (Generic Motrin) online ? This webstore -** [**Online Pharmacy**](http://usamedication.farmaccforhost.com/)   *^(ibuprofen ibuprofen dosage ibuprofen overdose ibuprofen for dogs ibuprofen side effects ibuprofen alcohol ibuprofen dosing ibuprofen for fever ibuprofen max dose ibuprofen for kids ibuprofeno ibuprofen pm ibuprofen and aspirin ibuprofen and pregnancy ibuprofen and kidneys ibuprofen advil ibuprofen and liver ibuprofen after surgery ibuprofen and aleve ibuprofen alternative ibuprofen and dogs a ibuprofen pill ibuprofen a paracetamol ibuprofen a blood thinner ibuprofen a well known non-steroidal ibuprofen a nurofen ibuprofen a fever reducer ibuprofen a day ibuprofen a ketoprofen ibuprofen a muscle relaxer ibuprofen a naproxen ibuprofen brands ibuprofen blood pressure ibuprofen bad for you ibuprofen brand name ibuprofen bad for liver ibuprofen bleeding ibuprofen by weight ibuprofen baby ibuprofen benefits ibuprofen back pain ibuprofen b.p ibuprofen b.p 200mg ibuprofen b.p 600 mg ibuprofen b.p. 400 ibuprofen b ibuprofen b&amp;m radian b ibuprofen gel radian b ibuprofen gel 30g hepatitis b ibuprofen radian b ibuprofen gel review ibuprofen cream ibuprofen childrens ibuprofen classification ibuprofen cvs ibuprofen chemical formula ibuprofen cost ibuprofen chewable ibuprofen caffeine ibuprofen constipation ibuprofen children dosage ibuprofen c section ibuprofen c section breastfeeding ibuprofen c nmr ibuprofen c max ibuprofen c ibuprofen c diff ibuprofen c reactive protein vitamin c ibuprofen hepatitis c ibuprofen bnf c ibuprofen ibuprofen dose ibuprofen davis pdf ibuprofen dosage for dogs ibuprofen dogs ibuprofen dosage children ibuprofen dosage infant ibuprofen dosage chart ibuprofen directions ibuprofen dangers d-ibuprofen dboy ibuprofen vitamin d ibuprofen claritin d ibuprofen mucinex d ibuprofen zyrtec d ibuprofen allegra d ibuprofen log d ibuprofen aspirin a n d ibuprofen ibuprofeno d ibuprofen effects ibuprofen every day ibuprofen effects on liver ibuprofen equate ibuprofen empty stomach ibuprofen excretion ibuprofen edema ibuprofen equivalent ibuprofen every 6 hours ibuprofen effect on kidneys e ibuprofeno ibuprofene e paracetamolo ibuprofeno es antiinflamatorio ibuprofeno e paracetamol ibuprofene e alcool ibuprofeno e álcool ibuprofeno e cetoprofeno ibuprofene e favismo ibuprofeno e dipirona ibuprofene e ketoprofene ibuprofen for swelling ibuprofen for infants ibuprofen for headaches ibuprofen for babies ibuprofen for cramps ibuprofen for uti ibuprofen for cold ibuprofen for gout gonal f ibuprofen impurity f ibuprofen carol-of ibuprofen ibuprofen fc dolofen-f ibuprofen 400 mg obat dolofen-f ibuprofen dolofen-f ibuprofen obat apa ibuprofen für. kinder ibuprofen f.c. tablets ibuprofen f.c. tab ibuprofen gel ibuprofen generic name ibuprofen gout ibuprofen generic ibuprofen g2 ibuprofen gummies ibuprofen gastritis ibuprofen gi bleed ibuprofen good for ibuprofen gel 10 ibuprofen g 2 600 mg ibuprofen 1.2 g ibuprofen 1 g ibuprofen ibuprofen 800 mg ibuprofen 200 mg 80g ibuprofen 1000 mg ibuprofen generic ibuprofen g 2 g 2 pill ibuprofen ibuprofen half life ibuprofen headache ibuprofen heart ibuprofen how often ibuprofen hangover ibuprofen heartburn ibuprofen heart failure ibuprofen hives ibuprofen hazards ibuprofen history ibuprofen h nmr ibuprofen h pylori ibuprofen h en p zinnen ibuprofen h und p sätze ibuprofen infant ibuprofen infant dosage ibuprofen interactions ibuprofen in pregnancy ibuprofen in spanish ibuprofen ib ibuprofen i-2 ibuprofen in dogs ibuprofen instructions ibuprofen indications is ibuprofen bad for you is ibuprofen an nsaid is ibuprofen a blood thinner is ibuprofen tylenol is ibuprofen advil is ibuprofen aspirin is ibuprofen motrin is ibuprofen safe for dogs is ibuprofen bad for dogs is ibuprofen and motrin the same thing ibuprofen joint pain ibuprofen japan ibuprofen junior ibuprofen jaw pain ibuprofen jokes ibuprofen jittery ibuprofen jitters ibuprofen j code ibuprofen junior dosage ibuprofen joint damage ibuprofen j pouch ibuprofen j tube impurity j ibuprofen impureza j ibuprofeno ibuprofeno j ibuprofen kidney ibuprofen kids ibuprofen kidney damage ibuprofen kids dosage ibuprofen kidney pain ibuprofen kidney or liver ibuprofen keto ibuprofen kroger ibuprofen kirkland ibuprofen kinetics test vitamin k ibuprofen circle k ibuprofen k es ibuprofeno voltaren k ibuprofen k čemu je ibuprofen ibuprofen k.j 400mg ibuprofen k.j k es un ibuprofeno k contiene el ibuprofeno ibuprofeno para que sirve ibuprofen liver ibuprofen liquid ibuprofen label ibuprofen lysine ibuprofen ld50 ibuprofen lyrics ibuprofen long term use ibuprofen liquid gels ibuprofen lower blood pressure ibuprofen lewis structure l'ibuprofen l'ibuprofene fa male l'ibuprofene è un antinfiammatorio el ibuprofeno ibuprofen (al) 400 mg l'ibuprofene est il dangereux l'ibuprofene è un fans l'ibuprofen que podem representar com a l'ibuprofene va bene per la febbre l'ibuprofene e diclofenac ibuprofen mechanism of action ibuprofen metabolism ibuprofen mg ibuprofen moa ibuprofen melting point ibuprofen migraine ibuprofen msds ibuprofen medication ibuprofen mg/kg ibuprofen m ibuprofen m/z b&amp;m ibuprofen b&amp;m ibuprofen gel algoflex m ibuprofen ibuprofene m il 2 m. meulengracht ibuprofen ibuprofen m.crohn ibuprofen nsaid ibuprofen nursing implications ibuprofen nausea ibuprofen naproxen ibuprofen names ibuprofen near me ibuprofen news ibuprofen normal dose ibuprofen not helping headache ibuprofen nursing considerations ibuprofen and paracetamol ibuprofen and alcohol ibuprofen and asthma paracetamol and ibuprofen suspension brustan-n ibuprofen n-acetylcysteine ibuprofen chicken pox and ibuprofen ibuprofen n ibuprofen and helvepharm 600 mg ibuprofen otc ibuprofen or naproxen ibuprofen or aspirin ibuprofen or tylenol ibuprofen or aleve ibuprofen on acne ibuprofen od ibuprofen onset ibuprofen other names o ibuprofeno o ibuprofeno é antiinflamatório o ibuprofeno serve para garganta inflamada o ibuprofeno atua como analgesico o ibuprofeno serve para que o ibuprofeno é um farmaco ibuprofeno o naproxeno ibuprofeno o diclofenaco ibuprofene o paracetamolo ibuprofen pills ibuprofen pediatric dosing ibuprofen pregnancy category ibuprofen price ibuprofen prescription ibuprofen pseudoephedrine ibuprofen patch ibuprofen pm dosage ibuprofen para que sirve ibuprofen p.m ibuprofen p ibuprofen p medicine ibuprofen p 75 ibuprofen logp p-isobutylacetophenone to ibuprofen ibuprofeno p q serve ibuprofeno p que serve ibuprofeno p dor de garganta ibuprofeno p ibuprofen quizlet ibuprofen que es ibuprofen quit smoking ibuprofen queasy ibuprofen q4h ibuprofen qatar ibuprofen qas ibuprofen qt interval ibuprofen quora ibuprofen quand le prendre ibuprofen q hours q-pap and ibuprofen q dryl and ibuprofen ibuprofeno q contiene ibuprofeno q es ibuprofeno para q sirve ibuprofen q es ibuprofeno q hace ibuprofen q contiene ibuprofeno para q es ibuprofen risks ibuprofen rash ibuprofen recall ibuprofen reduce fever ibuprofen reaction ibuprofen recommended dosage ibuprofen reduce swelling ibuprofen rebound headache ibuprofen red pill ibuprofen rite aid r ibuprofen melting point (r)-(-)-ibuprofen sigma aldrich r- ibuprofen specific rotation r ibuprofeno r-ibuprofeno y s-ibuprofeno ibuprofen r and s enantiomers ibuprofen r form ibuprofen r stereoisomer ibuprofeno r e s ibuprofene r et s ibuprofen stomach ibuprofen swelling ibuprofen sodium ibuprofen suspension ibuprofen stomach ache ibuprofen sore throat ibuprofen shelf life ibuprofen sleepy ibuprofen strength s ibuprofen structure s ibuprofen synthesis s ibuprofen specific rotation s ibuprofen melting point s ibuprofen msds s-ibuprofen wiki s ibuprofen solubility s ibuprofen sigma s ibuprofeno ibuprofen s enantiomer ibuprofen toxicity ibuprofen tablets ibuprofen thin blood ibuprofen toxicity dogs ibuprofen target ibuprofen trade name ibuprofen tinnitus ibuprofen tolerance ibuprofen toddler ibuprofen testosterone t-ibuprofen 400 mg ibuprofen t 1/2 ibuprofen t nation ibuprofen tmax t cells ibuprofen ibuprofen t shirt t shirt ibuprofen chapter ibuprofeno y alcohol ibuprofen t online ibuprofen uses ibuprofen ulcer ibuprofen usp ibuprofen uti ibuprofen under 6 months ibuprofen usa ibuprofen uptodate ibuprofen urine test ibuprofen usp 200 mg u-ibuprofen ibuprofen u menstruaciji ibuprofen u srbiji ibuprofen u hrvatskoj ibuprofen u trudnoći ibuprofen u dzieci ibuprofen u prahu ibuprofen u granulama ibuprofen u psa ibuprofen u niemowlaka ibuprofen vs aspirin ibuprofen vs aleve ibuprofen vs motrin ibuprofen vs acetaminophen ibuprofen vs acetaminophen for pain ibuprofen versus tylenol ibuprofen versus acetaminophen ibuprofen vs tylenol for fever ibuprofen vs nsaid ibuprofen vs tylenol for headache naproxen or ibuprofen ibuprofen v aspirin ibuprofen or paracetamol tylenol or ibuprofen aleve or ibuprofen ibuprofen or nurofen advil or ibuprofen ibuprofen v motrin diclofenac or ibuprofen ibuprofen v1 ibuprofen walmart ibuprofen walgreens ibuprofen while breastfeeding ibuprofen withdrawal ibuprofen with food ibuprofen wiki ibuprofen with tylenol ibuprofen with aspirin ibuprofen weight gain ibuprofen while pregnant ibuprofen w polsce ibuprofen w alcohol ibuprofen w ciąży ibuprofen w ciąży skutki ibuprofen w czopkach ibuprofen w ospie ibuprofen w czasie karmienia piersia ibuprofen w syropie ibuprofen w saszetkach ibuprofen w czopkach dla niemowląt ibuprofen xanax ibuprofen xl ibuprofen xarelto ibuprofen xanax alcohol ibuprofen xrd ibuprofen xtc ibuprofen xfen flashtab ibuprofen xl 150 mg ibuprofen xpect first aid ibuprofen xda gas x ibuprofen nimesulida e ibuprofeno ibuprofeno x cetoprofeno ibuprofeno x paracetamol ibuprofeno x dipirona ibuprofeno x diclofenaco ibuprofeno x álcool ibuprofeno x naproxeno ibuprofeno x profenid ibuprofeno x amoxicilina ibuprofen youngest age ibuprofen youtube ibuprofen yogurt ibuprofen yellow skin ibuprofen yeast infection ibuprofen younger than 6 months ibuprofen yellow urine ibuprofen yan etkileri ibuprofen ysp ibuprofen ya and you ibuprofeno y lactancia ibuprofeno y paracetamol ibuprofeno y embarazo ibuprofeno y paracetamol juntos ibuprofeno y cafeina ibuprofeno y varicela ibuprofeno y cerveza ibuprofeno y diclofenaco ibuprofeno y naproxeno ibuprofen zoloft ibuprofen zyrtec ibuprofen zantac ibuprofen zatoki ibuprofen zastosowanie ibuprofen zyrtec interaction ibuprofen zolpidem ibuprofen zit treatment ibuprofen zofran interactions ibuprofen zit z ibuprofenum ibuprofen z pack ibuprofen z paracetamolem ibuprofen z alkoholem ibuprofen z pseudoefedryną ibuprofen z kodeiną ibuprofen z aspiryną ibuprofen z antybiotykiem ibuprofen z czym nie łączyć ibuprofen z ketonalem ibuprofen 0.4 ibuprofen 0.2 ibuprofen 00 ibuprofen 1 000 mg ibuprofen trackid=sp-006 ibuprofen arginine granules 0.4g 0bat ibuprofen ibuprofen 8 00 ibuprofen 044 ibuprofen 0 2 cena ibuprofen 0 4 0 que é ibuprofeno ibuprofen 0 2 ибупрофен 0 2г ibuprofen 0 2 60 tabletek ibuprofen 123 ibuprofen 100mg ibuprofen 122 ibuprofen 1-2 ibuprofen 1000 ibuprofen 10 ibuprofen 1600 mg ibuprofen 100mg dosage ibuprofen 110 ibuprofen 114 1 ibuprofen and 1 tylenol 1 ibuprofen a day 1 ibuprofen 2 tylenol 1 ibuprofen and alcohol 1 ibuprofen a day side effects 1 ibuprofen and 2 paracetamol 1 ibuprofen 1 paracetamol 1 ibuprofen during pregnancy 1 ibuprofen per day ibuprofen 200mg ibuprofen 200mg dosage ibuprofen 2 year old ibuprofen 200 mg directions ibuprofen 24 hours ibuprofen 2nd trimester ibuprofen 200 mg side effects ibuprofen 200 mg pill ibuprofen 200mg tablets ibuprofen 2018 2 ibuprofen every 4 hours 2 ibuprofen 800 mg 2 ibuprofen 600 2 ibuprofen and 1 tylenol 2 ibuprofen and alcohol 2 ibuprofen and 1 aleve 2 ibuprofen 600 mg 2 ibuprofen daily 2 ibuprofen a day 2 ibuprofen and 3 tylenol ibuprofen 325 ibuprofen 300 ibuprofen 325 mg ibuprofen 3 months old ibuprofen 3200 mg ibuprofen 3 year old ibuprofen 30 lbs ibuprofen 3d model ibuprofen 3 pills ibuprofen 3 weeks pregnant 3 ibuprofen every 6 hours 3 ibuprofen and 2 tylenol 3 ibuprofen pm 3 ibuprofen 200 mg 3 ibuprofen 800 3 ibuprofen at once 3 ibuprofen and 2 aleve 3 ibuprofen a day 3 ibuprofen 3 times day 3 ibuprofen and 2 acetaminophen ibuprofen 400 ibuprofen 400 mg ibuprofen 44 291 ibuprofen 466 ibuprofen 465 ibuprofen 400 mg otc ibuprofen 400mg tablets ibuprofen 400mg dosage ibuprofen 44 438 ibuprofen 44-393 4 ibuprofen at once 4 ibuprofen a day 4 ibuprofen 800mg 4 ibuprofen 200 mg 4 ibuprofen with alcohol 4 ibuprofen every 4 hours 4 ibuprofen and 2 tylenol 4 ibuprofen for menstrual cramps 4 ibuprofen every 6 hours 4 ibuprofen every 8 hours ibuprofen 500mg ibuprofen 500 ibuprofen 51 ibuprofen 57 ibuprofen 50 mg ibuprofen 500 count ibuprofen 500 dosage ibuprofen 5 gel ibuprofen 500 mg costco ibuprofen 5 ml 5 ibuprofen gel 5 ibuprofen cream 5 ibuprofen at once 5 ibuprofen and alcohol 5 ibuprofen in 2 hours 5 ibuprofen tablets ibuprofen 5 w/w gel ibuprofen 5 month old ibuprofen 5 year old ibuprofen 5 weeks pregnant ibuprofen 600 mg ibuprofen 600 ibuprofen 600 dosage ibuprofen 600 mg used for ibuprofen 600 mg over the counter ibuprofen 600 mg cost ibuprofen 600 mg i7 ibuprofen 6 months ibuprofen 600mg tablets ibuprofen 650 mg 6 ibuprofen a day 6 ibuprofen in 24 hours 6 ibuprofen at once 6 ibuprofen in 12 hours 6 ibuprofen in 2 hours 6 ibuprofen overdose 6 ibuprofen in 4 hours 6 ibuprofen and 2 paracetamol 6 ibuprofen pm 6 ibuprofen in 3 hours ibuprofen 700 ibuprofen 7 month old ibuprofen 700 mg ibuprofen 750 mg ibuprofen 75 lbs ibuprofen 75 mg ibuprofen 7 eleven ibuprofen 7 weeks pregnant ibuprofen 7/11 ibuprofen 70 basf 7 ibuprofen in 24 hours 7 ibuprofen at once ibuprofen 7 year old ibuprofen 7 months pregnant ibuprofen 7 days before surgery ibuprofen 7 days ibuprofen 800 ibuprofen 800 dosage ibuprofen 800 123 ibuprofen 800 and alcohol ibuprofen 800 uses ibuprofen 800 mg price ibuprofen 800 ingredients ibuprofen 81 ibuprofen 800 milligrams ibuprofen 800 mg for back pain 8 ibuprofen a day 8 ibuprofen tablets at once 8 ibuprofen in 4 hours 8 ibuprofen in 24 hours 8 ibuprofen in 12 hours 8 ibuprofen in 2 hours 8 ibuprofen in one go ibuprofen 8 month old ibuprofen 8 year old ibuprofen 8 week old ibuprofen 9 month old ibuprofen 900 ibuprofen 9 year old ibuprofen 900 mg ibuprofen 90 pounds ibuprofen 96 ibuprofen 9 weeks pregnant ibuprofen 9 yr old ibuprofen 9 months ibuprofen 96 tablets 9 ibuprofen at once 9 ibuprofen 24 hours 9 ibuprofen a day 9 ibuprofen overdose i9 ibuprofen generic motrin generic motrin 800 generic motrin 600 generic motrin cost motrin generic name motrin generic and trade name motrin generic and brand name generic for motrin 800 mg cvs generic motrin generic children's motrin walgreens generic motrin prescription motrin and breastfeeding prescription coated motrin motrin prescription cost what is generic motrin called generic name for children's motrin prescription motrin dosage motrin prescription drug generic for motrin generic for motrin 600 mg prescription motrin for back pain prescription for motrin generic name for motrin generic name for motrin 800 mg generic brand for motrin prescription motrin high generic infant motrin motrin generic ibuprofen prescription motrin ingredients motrin ib generic name prescription liquid motrin what does generic motrin look like generic motrin 600 mg generic 800 mg motrin prescription motrin names children's motrin generic name generic of motrin prescription of motrin generic name of motrin generic brand of motrin generic version of motrin prescription motrin pills prescription motrin side effects prescription motrin strength prescription strength motrin dosage prescription strength motrin side effects prescription motrin vs. over the counter prescription motrin vs advil prescription motrin vs ibuprofen generic ibuprofen vs motrin prescription motrin while breastfeeding prescription motrin 400 mg prescription motrin 800 mg side effects prescription motrin 800 mg dosage motrin 800 generic name)*
8zrmf3,264,275,ADR,mood swings,venlafaxine,venlafaxine,Anybody successfully get off of Effexor/venlafaxine? I’ve been on the lowest possible dose (37.5mg) of venlafaxine for about 2 years now but have felt like I don’t need it for the past year or so. The side effects when I was getting on it were awful though — huge mood swings and headaches — so I’ve been really putting off getting off of it. Anyway, started a taper with my doc last week and I should be off by the end of this week. The awful mood swings I was worried about have started again this week. I’ve been smoking to stop the panic but it doesn’t ease the depression. How long does it take for the side effects to go away after getting off completely?
8zrmf3,280,289,ADR,headaches,venlafaxine,venlafaxine,Anybody successfully get off of Effexor/venlafaxine? I’ve been on the lowest possible dose (37.5mg) of venlafaxine for about 2 years now but have felt like I don’t need it for the past year or so. The side effects when I was getting on it were awful though — huge mood swings and headaches — so I’ve been really putting off getting off of it. Anyway, started a taper with my doc last week and I should be off by the end of this week. The awful mood swings I was worried about have started again this week. I’ve been smoking to stop the panic but it doesn’t ease the depression. How long does it take for the side effects to go away after getting off completely?
8zrmf3,536,541,ADR,panic,venlafaxine,venlafaxine,Anybody successfully get off of Effexor/venlafaxine? I’ve been on the lowest possible dose (37.5mg) of venlafaxine for about 2 years now but have felt like I don’t need it for the past year or so. The side effects when I was getting on it were awful though — huge mood swings and headaches — so I’ve been really putting off getting off of it. Anyway, started a taper with my doc last week and I should be off by the end of this week. The awful mood swings I was worried about have started again this week. I’ve been smoking to stop the panic but it doesn’t ease the depression. How long does it take for the side effects to go away after getting off completely?
8zrmf3,566,576,ADR,depression,venlafaxine,venlafaxine,Anybody successfully get off of Effexor/venlafaxine? I’ve been on the lowest possible dose (37.5mg) of venlafaxine for about 2 years now but have felt like I don’t need it for the past year or so. The side effects when I was getting on it were awful though — huge mood swings and headaches — so I’ve been really putting off getting off of it. Anyway, started a taper with my doc last week and I should be off by the end of this week. The awful mood swings I was worried about have started again this week. I’ve been smoking to stop the panic but it doesn’t ease the depression. How long does it take for the side effects to go away after getting off completely?
8zac1m,356,370,ADR,stomach cramps,lexapro,lexapro,Starting Efexor-XR and feeling great! I’m starting to think that this drug has saved my life. I’m on day 7 and I have never been feeling better. I know it might pass, but I am feeling so great and clear minded I simply could not keep it to myself. In the past, I’ve tried lexapro and valdoxan with little positive response. On lexapro, I had pretty crummy stomach cramps.   With Efexor-XR (venlafaxine) I am optimistic about treatment for the first time in a while. I thought I’d start a thread that I could document my journey on, and see if anyone else could compare. Good luck everyone with your journeys!
8yonsq,515,526,ADR,constipated,venlafaxine,venlafaxine,Chapo did with mental illness. What do you have? * 24 yo male  * grad student/part-time social services   * OCD, trauma, alcohol   I finally had a good combination of drugs and treatment  that allowed me to be sane. It was:  * 225mg Venlafaxine  * 15 mg Buspar (buspirone, not Wellbutrin)  * 50 mg naltrexone  * CBT/DBT Skills  * EMDR  The last three months as I went up on the venlafaxine my symptoms were virtually eliminated. It was like a cheat code.   Then, some serious side effects showed up:  * chronically constipated, unable to defecate without 1-2 enemas and miralax, flax seed, and chia seed everyday  * sweating anytime it's 68F or warmer   * 20 pounds of weight gain   I've decided to go down on the venlafaxine and up on the Buspar. I might have to add in another drug.  Just dropping 37.5, then 75mg's I'm already in agony. Ruminating on social faux paus from months ago, suicidal ideation popping into my head (no plan or desire), intrusive thoughts about the end of the world, going to hell, etc.  The only things really helping is a supportive SO, my dog, family, sleep, exercise, and eating well. Just hitting the basics is fucking exhausting.  Purpose of this post:  * To complain   * To ask what you take and how well it works  Thanks, friends. Neurotransmitters are reactionary.
8yonsq,616,624,ADR,sweating,venlafaxine,venlafaxine,Chapo did with mental illness. What do you have? * 24 yo male  * grad student/part-time social services   * OCD, trauma, alcohol   I finally had a good combination of drugs and treatment  that allowed me to be sane. It was:  * 225mg Venlafaxine  * 15 mg Buspar (buspirone, not Wellbutrin)  * 50 mg naltrexone  * CBT/DBT Skills  * EMDR  The last three months as I went up on the venlafaxine my symptoms were virtually eliminated. It was like a cheat code.   Then, some serious side effects showed up:  * chronically constipated, unable to defecate without 1-2 enemas and miralax, flax seed, and chia seed everyday  * sweating anytime it's 68F or warmer   * 20 pounds of weight gain   I've decided to go down on the venlafaxine and up on the Buspar. I might have to add in another drug.  Just dropping 37.5, then 75mg's I'm already in agony. Ruminating on social faux paus from months ago, suicidal ideation popping into my head (no plan or desire), intrusive thoughts about the end of the world, going to hell, etc.  The only things really helping is a supportive SO, my dog, family, sleep, exercise, and eating well. Just hitting the basics is fucking exhausting.  Purpose of this post:  * To complain   * To ask what you take and how well it works  Thanks, friends. Neurotransmitters are reactionary.
8yonsq,669,680,ADR,weight gain,venlafaxine,venlafaxine,Chapo did with mental illness. What do you have? * 24 yo male  * grad student/part-time social services   * OCD, trauma, alcohol   I finally had a good combination of drugs and treatment  that allowed me to be sane. It was:  * 225mg Venlafaxine  * 15 mg Buspar (buspirone, not Wellbutrin)  * 50 mg naltrexone  * CBT/DBT Skills  * EMDR  The last three months as I went up on the venlafaxine my symptoms were virtually eliminated. It was like a cheat code.   Then, some serious side effects showed up:  * chronically constipated, unable to defecate without 1-2 enemas and miralax, flax seed, and chia seed everyday  * sweating anytime it's 68F or warmer   * 20 pounds of weight gain   I've decided to go down on the venlafaxine and up on the Buspar. I might have to add in another drug.  Just dropping 37.5, then 75mg's I'm already in agony. Ruminating on social faux paus from months ago, suicidal ideation popping into my head (no plan or desire), intrusive thoughts about the end of the world, going to hell, etc.  The only things really helping is a supportive SO, my dog, family, sleep, exercise, and eating well. Just hitting the basics is fucking exhausting.  Purpose of this post:  * To complain   * To ask what you take and how well it works  Thanks, friends. Neurotransmitters are reactionary.
8yonsq,888,905,ADR,suicidal ideation,venlafaxine,venlafaxine,Chapo did with mental illness. What do you have? * 24 yo male  * grad student/part-time social services   * OCD, trauma, alcohol   I finally had a good combination of drugs and treatment  that allowed me to be sane. It was:  * 225mg Venlafaxine  * 15 mg Buspar (buspirone, not Wellbutrin)  * 50 mg naltrexone  * CBT/DBT Skills  * EMDR  The last three months as I went up on the venlafaxine my symptoms were virtually eliminated. It was like a cheat code.   Then, some serious side effects showed up:  * chronically constipated, unable to defecate without 1-2 enemas and miralax, flax seed, and chia seed everyday  * sweating anytime it's 68F or warmer   * 20 pounds of weight gain   I've decided to go down on the venlafaxine and up on the Buspar. I might have to add in another drug.  Just dropping 37.5, then 75mg's I'm already in agony. Ruminating on social faux paus from months ago, suicidal ideation popping into my head (no plan or desire), intrusive thoughts about the end of the world, going to hell, etc.  The only things really helping is a supportive SO, my dog, family, sleep, exercise, and eating well. Just hitting the basics is fucking exhausting.  Purpose of this post:  * To complain   * To ask what you take and how well it works  Thanks, friends. Neurotransmitters are reactionary.
8zpdid,464,472,ADR,seizures,tysabri,tysabri,What a ridiculous mess MS is. So many random symptoms. Seriously, I'm fighting with my body doing all kinds of stupid shit. I'm on Tysabri, and I'm guessing none of this is like actual relapses but fuck me are all these symptoms annoying. My eyelids right now are twitching like crazy, and this is fairly common for me... and extremely annoying. I'm also smelling something that smells like sulfur, which may or may not be something in my house or I'm just having seizures. It's always something, and it's super frustrating!   Sorry for the little venting post. Keeping this shit to myself so I don't burden others with it is what I do 99% of the time. I feel bad every time I mention something bad going on with me. As far as all my friends know, I'm doing GREAT. Because that's how I respond when they ask how I'm doing.
8ypshd,418,430,ADR,OCD symptoms,zyprexa,zyprexa,Have been taking Wellbutrin, Aripiprazole (a few months) and Risepidone (two years, I think).. And am switching to taking just Wellbutrin and Zyprexa for OCD/anxiety and am somewhat better now. My question is, if I want to get off all this (I've been exercising and meditating almost daily) so I can start tripping, I know I have to gradually taper off, but my psychiatrist doesn't want me to, but I want to. The only OCD symptoms I have now are fear of "bad luck" numbers (avoidance, which is a compulsion) but I'm not caring as much as I used to. What do you think would happen if I weaned myself off the drugs?
8ydy7j,362,375,ADR,sleep trouble,zyprexa,zyprexa,Experiences with Zyprexa? Hi everyone,   I just went from thinking I had anxiety for and taking antidepressants for several years to being diagnosed with bipolar and taking lithium in a mental hospital. I was also prescribed  Seroquel, but I never thought it was really helping and decreased my dosage to half a pill at night, because otherwise I seemed to have sleep trouble. (I know that decreasing my dosage without consulting a psychiatrist is frowned upon). I saw a psychiatrist on Monday for the first time since leaving the hospital and was prescribed 5mg of Zyprexa.   Can anyone share their experience with that drug here? My big fear is becoming dependent and being unable to go off it later. Any first hand knowledge people and share would help greatly.
8ydy7j,656,665,ADR,dependent,zyprexa,zyprexa,Experiences with Zyprexa? Hi everyone,   I just went from thinking I had anxiety for and taking antidepressants for several years to being diagnosed with bipolar and taking lithium in a mental hospital. I was also prescribed  Seroquel, but I never thought it was really helping and decreased my dosage to half a pill at night, because otherwise I seemed to have sleep trouble. (I know that decreasing my dosage without consulting a psychiatrist is frowned upon). I saw a psychiatrist on Monday for the first time since leaving the hospital and was prescribed 5mg of Zyprexa.   Can anyone share their experience with that drug here? My big fear is becoming dependent and being unable to go off it later. Any first hand knowledge people and share would help greatly.
8y80b6,494,502,ADR,paranoia,zyprexa,zyprexa,Advice Needed After being forced to the psych hospital by my college campus psych doctor I was told I have an undetermined personality disorder possibly schizophrenia. I do not have visual hallucinations I just get quite paranoid and get delusional.   They swapped my meds a couple times seroquil -&gt; zyprexa but I always felt like a shell of a person. In my history of taking antidepressants I always just feel less alive. So I usually just stop my medication because it is so awful. But my paranoia is starting to get really bad, I am so on edge all the time it is exhausting, I want to scream. But I also dont want to feel like total shit for the medicine.   I am scared. Any advice?
8y0pfb,456,467,ADR,weight gain,zyprexa,zyprexa,Zyprexa or misfortune? So I’m at the doctor and it looks like I’ve gained 14 or so pounds since May 7th. But that’s impossible. Here’s why: I began dieting again sometime in late May/early June and only started screwing up the diet again last week. 1 month isn’t enough time to put on all that weight when I haven’t been eating THAT bad. It makes no sense. Except I started the Zyprexa June 8th and that’s the only thing that can explain this astronomical weight gain as I’ve almost never gained THIS much in a month based on my weight records. However I’m only at 2.5 mg but medication works quick for me so idk if it did but it’s the only thing that can explain it....... anyone had something similar happen?
8xv3v6,124,133,ADR,agitation,zyprexa,zyprexa,Pray for me please. Agitation with psych meds. I take an antipsychotic drug called risperdal. I've been having trouble with agitation since starting it. I just got off the phone with my doctor and I'm going back on zyprexa, which is a much more comfortable medicine. I've been testing high for triglycerides so we tried a different med.  I'm stressed and suffering tonight. Waiting for the zyprexa to take effect. I'm concerned about work tomorrow but I think it will be a relief to get solid sleep tonight again.  My doctor is thinking about having me try clozapine soon, which scares me. It could be a wonder drug but the side effect of white blood cell suppression worries me. It isn't common but it can be deadly. I'd get weekly blood tests.  I'm scared of having another breakdown and losing my job. I'm afraid that people will find out that I have a psychotic disorder and my career will be over. I'm scared of having everyone find out. I wish they already knew and it was OK.  It really bothers me to have to have this big secret and still have all the expectations of a normal person on me. I feel like I'm barely hanging on.  No risk of suicide, fwiw. But pray for my wife too, please. She has anxiety and depression and this can't be easy on her either.  I think I'll be okay but I could really use the prayers. Thanks, family!  May God richly bless you all!
8xv3v6,342,350,ADR,stressed,zyprexa,zyprexa,Pray for me please. Agitation with psych meds. I take an antipsychotic drug called risperdal. I've been having trouble with agitation since starting it. I just got off the phone with my doctor and I'm going back on zyprexa, which is a much more comfortable medicine. I've been testing high for triglycerides so we tried a different med.  I'm stressed and suffering tonight. Waiting for the zyprexa to take effect. I'm concerned about work tomorrow but I think it will be a relief to get solid sleep tonight again.  My doctor is thinking about having me try clozapine soon, which scares me. It could be a wonder drug but the side effect of white blood cell suppression worries me. It isn't common but it can be deadly. I'd get weekly blood tests.  I'm scared of having another breakdown and losing my job. I'm afraid that people will find out that I have a psychotic disorder and my career will be over. I'm scared of having everyone find out. I wish they already knew and it was OK.  It really bothers me to have to have this big secret and still have all the expectations of a normal person on me. I feel like I'm barely hanging on.  No risk of suicide, fwiw. But pray for my wife too, please. She has anxiety and depression and this can't be easy on her either.  I think I'll be okay but I could really use the prayers. Thanks, family!  May God richly bless you all!
8xv3v6,639,667,ADR,white blood cell suppression,zyprexa,zyprexa,Pray for me please. Agitation with psych meds. I take an antipsychotic drug called risperdal. I've been having trouble with agitation since starting it. I just got off the phone with my doctor and I'm going back on zyprexa, which is a much more comfortable medicine. I've been testing high for triglycerides so we tried a different med.  I'm stressed and suffering tonight. Waiting for the zyprexa to take effect. I'm concerned about work tomorrow but I think it will be a relief to get solid sleep tonight again.  My doctor is thinking about having me try clozapine soon, which scares me. It could be a wonder drug but the side effect of white blood cell suppression worries me. It isn't common but it can be deadly. I'd get weekly blood tests.  I'm scared of having another breakdown and losing my job. I'm afraid that people will find out that I have a psychotic disorder and my career will be over. I'm scared of having everyone find out. I wish they already knew and it was OK.  It really bothers me to have to have this big secret and still have all the expectations of a normal person on me. I feel like I'm barely hanging on.  No risk of suicide, fwiw. But pray for my wife too, please. She has anxiety and depression and this can't be easy on her either.  I think I'll be okay but I could really use the prayers. Thanks, family!  May God richly bless you all!
8zvfvd,39,52,ADR,memory issues,viibryd,viibryd,Ive noticed that I've been having some memory issues and I think its due to my new medication, what do I do? 20/usa/m/ks  I'm on Viibryd been on it for a little while now, what do I need to do? Is it possible this will cause long term damage? How much should I worry about this?
8zhiwa,806,813,ADR,ectasia,viibryd,viibryd,I broked my brain in childhood with constant overstimulation Born with or developed a set of symptoms that match adhd. Extreme inability to tolerate boredom or really any unpleasant sensation. I played video games 16-17 hours a day whenever there was no school, 10 hours a day during school. I ate all the worst food. I got very fat. I got very depressed. Social activity has always been hard. It really seems to overly effect me when made fun of or rejected (even simply vying for attention). I developed the clamshell defense. "I may be fat but you literally know nothing else about me." If the worst insult youve got is fatass, thats tolerable. Even in adulthood when people generally dont bully you Ive had trouble making friends because my clamshell doesnt open.  I got lasik and developed post lasik ectasia. I cant afford the expensive specialized contacts. I got my stomach removed and lost little weight. I drank ayahuasca and had the most concentrated period of bad in my life, but no benefits. It only showed me things that made me weirder and it decreased the pool of people I can relate with. I have sleep apnea and I havent been able to tolerate the treatment.   I think my self awareness is very high, but its actually low. I figure these things out with time and I think "this is the one. I just gotta fix that then working on everything else will be easier." But it never was.  I've taken straterra, adderall, concerta, welbutrin, zoloft, viibryd, all the common supplements, intranasal insulin, ashwagandha. All of these over the last 7 years whenever i build up the energy to try something else. Im going to try modafinil and guanfacine soon.  This is my primary issue - I seem to be less able to tolerate unpleasant sensation in general and I never developed the skills an adult needs to tolerate boredom. There is no place in this world for an adult who can not tolerate boredom. His only options are burdening his family or suicide. I worked probably 2.5 years since i graduated. I have had 4 jobs. I get one and the novelty/new things keep the unpleasantness at a 5 or 6/10. Then i have done everything new and it slowly works up to a 10 at which point i debate suicide instead of telling my keepers that i quit again.  I have had much professional help. I simply am incompatible with this medical system or i am unhelpable or the doctors here are trash. Medicine helps me stay on the road for awhile but I always crash. I was doing everything at one point, I would run 3 miles on my lunch break around the store I worked at. I ate well. I was about 270 lbs and able to run 5 miles in 50 minutes without giving everything i had. But then I just couldnt do it anymore. I enjoy running. But I cant work 8 hours 5 days a week. The sensations build up and become too unpleasant quickly. I sneak out the back and never talk to anyone from there again  I take risks when I am desperate. I get drastic surgeries and try weird drugs. Hopefully the unsatisfactoriness forces me to kill myself soon. I dont like life
8zhiwa,1113,1124,ADR,sleep apnea,viibryd,viibryd,I broked my brain in childhood with constant overstimulation Born with or developed a set of symptoms that match adhd. Extreme inability to tolerate boredom or really any unpleasant sensation. I played video games 16-17 hours a day whenever there was no school, 10 hours a day during school. I ate all the worst food. I got very fat. I got very depressed. Social activity has always been hard. It really seems to overly effect me when made fun of or rejected (even simply vying for attention). I developed the clamshell defense. "I may be fat but you literally know nothing else about me." If the worst insult youve got is fatass, thats tolerable. Even in adulthood when people generally dont bully you Ive had trouble making friends because my clamshell doesnt open.  I got lasik and developed post lasik ectasia. I cant afford the expensive specialized contacts. I got my stomach removed and lost little weight. I drank ayahuasca and had the most concentrated period of bad in my life, but no benefits. It only showed me things that made me weirder and it decreased the pool of people I can relate with. I have sleep apnea and I havent been able to tolerate the treatment.   I think my self awareness is very high, but its actually low. I figure these things out with time and I think "this is the one. I just gotta fix that then working on everything else will be easier." But it never was.  I've taken straterra, adderall, concerta, welbutrin, zoloft, viibryd, all the common supplements, intranasal insulin, ashwagandha. All of these over the last 7 years whenever i build up the energy to try something else. Im going to try modafinil and guanfacine soon.  This is my primary issue - I seem to be less able to tolerate unpleasant sensation in general and I never developed the skills an adult needs to tolerate boredom. There is no place in this world for an adult who can not tolerate boredom. His only options are burdening his family or suicide. I worked probably 2.5 years since i graduated. I have had 4 jobs. I get one and the novelty/new things keep the unpleasantness at a 5 or 6/10. Then i have done everything new and it slowly works up to a 10 at which point i debate suicide instead of telling my keepers that i quit again.  I have had much professional help. I simply am incompatible with this medical system or i am unhelpable or the doctors here are trash. Medicine helps me stay on the road for awhile but I always crash. I was doing everything at one point, I would run 3 miles on my lunch break around the store I worked at. I ate well. I was about 270 lbs and able to run 5 miles in 50 minutes without giving everything i had. But then I just couldnt do it anymore. I enjoy running. But I cant work 8 hours 5 days a week. The sensations build up and become too unpleasant quickly. I sneak out the back and never talk to anyone from there again  I take risks when I am desperate. I get drastic surgeries and try weird drugs. Hopefully the unsatisfactoriness forces me to kill myself soon. I dont like life
8zhiwa,1946,1953,ADR,suicide,viibryd,viibryd,I broked my brain in childhood with constant overstimulation Born with or developed a set of symptoms that match adhd. Extreme inability to tolerate boredom or really any unpleasant sensation. I played video games 16-17 hours a day whenever there was no school, 10 hours a day during school. I ate all the worst food. I got very fat. I got very depressed. Social activity has always been hard. It really seems to overly effect me when made fun of or rejected (even simply vying for attention). I developed the clamshell defense. "I may be fat but you literally know nothing else about me." If the worst insult youve got is fatass, thats tolerable. Even in adulthood when people generally dont bully you Ive had trouble making friends because my clamshell doesnt open.  I got lasik and developed post lasik ectasia. I cant afford the expensive specialized contacts. I got my stomach removed and lost little weight. I drank ayahuasca and had the most concentrated period of bad in my life, but no benefits. It only showed me things that made me weirder and it decreased the pool of people I can relate with. I have sleep apnea and I havent been able to tolerate the treatment.   I think my self awareness is very high, but its actually low. I figure these things out with time and I think "this is the one. I just gotta fix that then working on everything else will be easier." But it never was.  I've taken straterra, adderall, concerta, welbutrin, zoloft, viibryd, all the common supplements, intranasal insulin, ashwagandha. All of these over the last 7 years whenever i build up the energy to try something else. Im going to try modafinil and guanfacine soon.  This is my primary issue - I seem to be less able to tolerate unpleasant sensation in general and I never developed the skills an adult needs to tolerate boredom. There is no place in this world for an adult who can not tolerate boredom. His only options are burdening his family or suicide. I worked probably 2.5 years since i graduated. I have had 4 jobs. I get one and the novelty/new things keep the unpleasantness at a 5 or 6/10. Then i have done everything new and it slowly works up to a 10 at which point i debate suicide instead of telling my keepers that i quit again.  I have had much professional help. I simply am incompatible with this medical system or i am unhelpable or the doctors here are trash. Medicine helps me stay on the road for awhile but I always crash. I was doing everything at one point, I would run 3 miles on my lunch break around the store I worked at. I ate well. I was about 270 lbs and able to run 5 miles in 50 minutes without giving everything i had. But then I just couldnt do it anymore. I enjoy running. But I cant work 8 hours 5 days a week. The sensations build up and become too unpleasant quickly. I sneak out the back and never talk to anyone from there again  I take risks when I am desperate. I get drastic surgeries and try weird drugs. Hopefully the unsatisfactoriness forces me to kill myself soon. I dont like life
8yj0bl,443,467,ADR,increased urinary output,invokana,invokana,Invokana Hi! I’ve been suffering with type 2 diabetes for years now and slowly my HbA1c is getting higher my reading from my glucose machine is 20.4 so the doctor has started me on a new medication Invokana does anybody have any experience with this medication he’s started me on 100mg which is the starting dose and told me to go back in 4 weeks where he will see if it needs increasing I’m also on 2000mg of Metformin. I’m worried about the increased urinary output caused by Invokana is it anything I should worry about I don’t want to be caught short away from a toilet.   Thanks in advance for any reply’s
8zxhll,66,73,ADR,bipolar,humira,humira,Does anyone take biologics (for autoimmune)? Has it affected your bipolar? I have arthritis and have been recommended to be put on biologics (humira). I'm wondering if anyone noticed biologics either helping or worsening their bipolar?
8zmjck,697,710,ADR,gained 20 lbs,humira,humira,Actemra to orencia I stayed on actemra for almost a year. My rheumatologist didn't think it was working effectively around month eight, due to swelling in my hands and feet. I felt like it was helping somewhat (more than humira or enbrel at any rate) so I asked to stay on it. She said fine if I tried a prednisone taper, and if the swelling went away and stayed away, I could stay on it. That would mean the actemra was working to keep the swelling gone. Prednisone did absolutely nothing so I agreed to switch.   Has anyone tried orencia? Is there anything I should watch out for? My rheuma said I will do fine on it and no major side effects but I don't know. She said that about actemra and I gained 20 lbs despite counting calories and exercising a ton.  Thanks all.
8zdy32,357,362,ADR,flare,humira,humira,DisruptED TV Magazine featuring Julie Terrana # Five Years Ago I Decided to Change My Life — And I am So Glad I Did  By Julie Terrana  [Julie Terrana](https://i.redd.it/xp0s20wn2da11.jpg)  July 8, 2013. The day that would change my life forever.  But first, let’s rewind a bit…  A few weeks earlier, I had just gotten out of the hospital for my 4th Crohn’s flare in 2 years. The medication I was currently on, Humira, seemed to be doing the trick (after its 3 predecessors failed to work) as it was 15 months since my last hospitalization. So, you can imagine my surprise &amp; devastation when I was told I was having a severe flare, needed hospitalization, and had to explore yet another medication.  Upon leaving the hospital, I knew I had to do something to change this vicious cycle of being sick and hospitalized.  I sought the help of a nutritionist who came highly recommended and she said to me during our first call that I had to go gluten free. As in, it was a life-or-death situation and this is what I HAD to do.  Turns out, it was not necessarily “life-or-death” however it was happiness vs. misery, staying in a hotel on vacation vs. staying in a hospital, going out with friends vs. laying on the couch at home, and barely making it through the day vs. thriving in my life.  Of course, I chose the latter of all of those decisions and decided that I would go cold turkey and give up gluten if it meant that I got my life and health back…and I could not be happier that I did.  I want to point out that giving up gluten was not a choice I made in order to lose weight, or to join a “fad”. It was to be healthier overall, which I was sure to share with my friends and loved ones so that they were supportive in my efforts, as they only wanted the best for me.  As I navigated my new lifestyle — yes, that is what it was; not a diet, a lifestyle — I realized I had to make many changes to habits I had in place in order to be successful.  I had to take control.  I could no longer grab a bagel breakfast sandwich on the way to work, and eating wherever others suggested wasn’t always an option. I had to start making my own meals, packing my own breakfast, and learn how to do all of this while juggling a busy schedule.  That in itself was scary, and was a huge learning curve.  I began the habit of showing up 20 minutes before my lunch meetings so that I could talk to the waiter and/or chef about what I could and couldn’t eat on the menu. When I went out with friends, I got in the habit of ordering my own appetizer since I couldn’t always share what the table ordered. Going on dates meant being assertive and picking the restaurant rather than saying “whatever you want”(which was well received by my would-be-future husband). And, going to the beach for the weekend with my friends meant packing a bunch of my own food, and drinks since beer was now off limits.  This is just a small example of new habits I had to adapt to in order to live the life I wanted. Healthy, happy, thriving, energetic, and most importantly not sick.  5 years later I am exactly where I have always wanted to be. I am healthy, happy, thriving, energetic (most days) and have been in remission with my Crohn’s Disease since August 2016.  All of these habit changes were worth it.  So, the point of my whole story is that once you master a new habit and lifestyle change is when you truly see a change in your life. It is so much more than just saying “eat this and not that” — it is truly committing to a pattern that works for you.  Which is why I became a Health Coach. I took all that I had gone through in developing a healthy lifestyle for myself and combined it with what I learned through my training and now offer it to clients to help them create those lifestyle changes that lead to their own life-changing outcomes.  Being healthy is way more than dieting and killing yourself at the gym. It is implementing habits and lifestyle changes that fit into your routine which help you become the person you want to become. I am now in the best shape — emotionally and physically — than I have ever been, and with a few simple habit changes, you can be, too!
8yw5m3,45,57,ADR,cloudy urine,humira,humira,Constant dull burning in perineum. Sometimes cloudy urine. 23, white, male, 120 lbs, 5’ 10” don’t smoke/drink. Have Crohn’s.  On Prednisone 30mg and Humira.  Been having this full burning in my perineum for the last few days or so. When I urinate or ejaculate it doesn’t seems to get any better or worse (however when I wake up it seems to subside either completely or mostly). I’m not having any abdominal or back pain. No fever. Nothing that would indicate a UTI besides the burning and sometimes cloudy urine. I do have an increased urgency to go but nothing significant. I think that could be from the prednisone as that’s one of the main side effects and has been going on since before the burning started. I’ve been monitoring my urine since last night and it was quite clear before I went to bed. But today I went again and noticed I couldn’t see through the clear cup that I’m checking it with. I’m only drinking water and o don’t feel dehydrated. I’m unsure if it’s an STD. Last time I had sex was a few weeks ago and I imagine I’d be having issues before now. I’m also unsure if it has to do with my pelvic floor muscles. When I poop I often urinate at the same time. I don’t think my muscles are acting properly. I also have to strain sometimes it go and that causes semen to leak out sometimes. It’s very strange. It could all be related but I’m not sure. I just want to make sure I don’t have some kind of infection brewing. Last time I had something like this I went to the urgent care and paid like $100 for a urine sample and for them to just tell me I had “prostatitis” and gave me antibiotics. I didn’t take them and the problem subsided within a couple days after that. Just don’t want to repeat that again.
8yw5m3,526,543,ADR,increased urgency,humira,humira,Constant dull burning in perineum. Sometimes cloudy urine. 23, white, male, 120 lbs, 5’ 10” don’t smoke/drink. Have Crohn’s.  On Prednisone 30mg and Humira.  Been having this full burning in my perineum for the last few days or so. When I urinate or ejaculate it doesn’t seems to get any better or worse (however when I wake up it seems to subside either completely or mostly). I’m not having any abdominal or back pain. No fever. Nothing that would indicate a UTI besides the burning and sometimes cloudy urine. I do have an increased urgency to go but nothing significant. I think that could be from the prednisone as that’s one of the main side effects and has been going on since before the burning started. I’ve been monitoring my urine since last night and it was quite clear before I went to bed. But today I went again and noticed I couldn’t see through the clear cup that I’m checking it with. I’m only drinking water and o don’t feel dehydrated. I’m unsure if it’s an STD. Last time I had sex was a few weeks ago and I imagine I’d be having issues before now. I’m also unsure if it has to do with my pelvic floor muscles. When I poop I often urinate at the same time. I don’t think my muscles are acting properly. I also have to strain sometimes it go and that causes semen to leak out sometimes. It’s very strange. It could all be related but I’m not sure. I just want to make sure I don’t have some kind of infection brewing. Last time I had something like this I went to the urgent care and paid like $100 for a urine sample and for them to just tell me I had “prostatitis” and gave me antibiotics. I didn’t take them and the problem subsided within a couple days after that. Just don’t want to repeat that again.
8ysl1r,2027,2049,ADR,concentration problems,humira,humira,Relative high heart rate in recovery interval Is it normal that my heart rate doesn't drop low when I'm in a recovery interval? When I'm done with a 20min block at intesity, I get a 10min rest period. My HR drops from 180 to 140 in a minute and down to 130 HR after another minute. But it stops there. Shouldn't my HR be dropping below 130? Throughout the whole recovery interval it stays at 130. The recovery interval has no set wattage to it, the trainer gives no resistance (spinning the legs). Shoudn't my HR be dropping closer to my rest HR (68)?   Situation  * Recovered from a flare up in December 2017. * Started cycling again, slowly, in the start of 2018    * Rest HR: 105    * Max HR: 184 (I didn't really pushed anytime I was riding, just unfit) * Started up structured training again in March 2018    * Rest HR: 96    * Max HR: 198 * Finished first block of structured training end of April    * Rest HR: 74    * Max HR: 204 * Finished second block of structured training end of May    * Rest HR: 56    * Max HR: 204 * Took a month off structured training due to finals * Restarted structured training 7th July    * Rest HR: 68    * Max HR: 203 * Diet: rather unhealthy    * Can't eat any sort of greens as my bowels will just flush it out. I'm not kidding, they come out undigested    * Vitamin supplements to replace lack of greens    * Staying away from sugar drinks, mostly water and some fruit juice with carrot extract as sweetener    * Tend to eat fatty foods after big workouts (after taking in a recovery shake) * I always have been very active before the Crohn flare up started.  Personal details  * Age: 27 * Sex: M * Height: 188cm / 6'2 ft * Weight: 67kg / 148 lbs * Student, lots of sitting  Brief medical history  * Liver abcess removal December 2007 * Diagnosed Crohn's disease since September 2014    * Humira from September 2014 till July 2015    * Alternative medicine from August 2015 till November 2017    * Stelara from December 2017 till present * Occasional Relatin usage to counter ongoing concentration problems * Angiogram and cardiovascular stress test in June 2017    * Perfect, no complications except for the high rest HR (due to flaring Crohn's)
8yo9qh,125,143,ADR,sores on your feet,humira,humira,Problems with feet from me ds possibly? Hey guys and gals... have an interesting question. Have any of you had problems with sores on your feet... skin falling off ect. My fiance started humira and in the last 6 months her feet have gotten terrible. Any insight will help thanks!
8yna3m,1146,1150,ADR,pain,humira,humira,Pregnancy and RA - I'm not in the lucky percentage. Hey guys,   First you've helped me out a ton on an old account and I owe you big time: https://www.reddit.com/r/rheumatoid/comments/6fydsp/pregnancy_and_ra/ After months of MTX detox, my husband and I got pregnant. I can't even begin to say how excited I am or how lucky our timing really was. We're due in December with a wiggly baby girl.  Now here's the deal. My RA has always been very serious and at 25 I have permanent joint paralysis everywhere. So going off my medicine for our favorite parasite was scary. I was finally in remission due to Actemra - but both my OB and Rheumatologist couldn't recommend it while pregnant since it has little to no data on pregnant women.    Now here's the scary part. I'm 19 weeks and at 14 weeks I've found out that I'm not one of the lucky women who go into remission during pregnancy. In fact, my disease has become far more aggressive.  We're treating with steroids, PT, and Cimzia (despite failing both Enbrel and Humira in the past). I'm currently in my second loading dose but I'm terrified that it's not going to work - and in the meantime the pain, swelling, and hormones are all ganging up on me. My biggest wish is to have a healthy baby and to make sure she has a healthy mother for her entire life.  My Rheumatologist has also made it clear that doing this again would be a very bad idea.   I know I'm facing hormones and some huge crazy body changes, but I feel so betrayed by my own body - and I'm starting to feel like a broken momma. Everything good I do for the baby hurts me (going for walks almost guarantees a flair the next day, nothing but Tylenol, PT will make me flair too), and everything I do for me hurts baby (taking steroids increases risks, steroids increase my weight and cravings). And honestly I hurt everywhere I know it's coloring my emotions.   So I guess I needed to rant, but I'd also love some advice.   Since I'm pregnant there is a list of things I'm told I can't do. So I'm wondering what's left that can help? How do you kickstart your healing in addition to strong medical interventions?
8yna3m,1152,1160,ADR,swelling,humira,humira,Pregnancy and RA - I'm not in the lucky percentage. Hey guys,   First you've helped me out a ton on an old account and I owe you big time: https://www.reddit.com/r/rheumatoid/comments/6fydsp/pregnancy_and_ra/ After months of MTX detox, my husband and I got pregnant. I can't even begin to say how excited I am or how lucky our timing really was. We're due in December with a wiggly baby girl.  Now here's the deal. My RA has always been very serious and at 25 I have permanent joint paralysis everywhere. So going off my medicine for our favorite parasite was scary. I was finally in remission due to Actemra - but both my OB and Rheumatologist couldn't recommend it while pregnant since it has little to no data on pregnant women.    Now here's the scary part. I'm 19 weeks and at 14 weeks I've found out that I'm not one of the lucky women who go into remission during pregnancy. In fact, my disease has become far more aggressive.  We're treating with steroids, PT, and Cimzia (despite failing both Enbrel and Humira in the past). I'm currently in my second loading dose but I'm terrified that it's not going to work - and in the meantime the pain, swelling, and hormones are all ganging up on me. My biggest wish is to have a healthy baby and to make sure she has a healthy mother for her entire life.  My Rheumatologist has also made it clear that doing this again would be a very bad idea.   I know I'm facing hormones and some huge crazy body changes, but I feel so betrayed by my own body - and I'm starting to feel like a broken momma. Everything good I do for the baby hurts me (going for walks almost guarantees a flair the next day, nothing but Tylenol, PT will make me flair too), and everything I do for me hurts baby (taking steroids increases risks, steroids increase my weight and cravings). And honestly I hurt everywhere I know it's coloring my emotions.   So I guess I needed to rant, but I'd also love some advice.   Since I'm pregnant there is a list of things I'm told I can't do. So I'm wondering what's left that can help? How do you kickstart your healing in addition to strong medical interventions?
8yfvh8,662,671,ADR,psoriasis,humira,humira,Problems with Insurance? So I have a question for you guys, as I'm sure some of you may have run into a similar issue.   I recently got a new job that has health insurance that I can afford (my last job had an oop that was $10k... yikes) Anyhow, I just realized that Stelara for Crohn's is not a covered medication on my new insurance. I just signed up for the Janssen assistance, however, they only assist you up to $20k a year. So I guess I'm asking for some advice on what to do. I'd rather not switch medications because I'm only recently on Stelara and I love it. I was on Humira for about two years and was doing wonderfully when out of the blue it caused psoriasis in my hair and arthritis in literally every joint in my body, from jaw to toes. It also caused some severe swelling in my tendons along my joints, and some mild swelling in my lips and throat (it was a blast let me tell ya.) I also can't go see my doctor about it because she doesn't accept my insurance! Surprise!  I'm currently looking up new doctors but I will admit I am a bit panicked.  tl;dr: have you ever experienced a change of insurance that threw you for a complete loop and left you without a way to pay for your meds or see your doctor and if so please share some advice with a fellow crohnie.
8yfvh8,687,696,ADR,arthritis,humira,humira,Problems with Insurance? So I have a question for you guys, as I'm sure some of you may have run into a similar issue.   I recently got a new job that has health insurance that I can afford (my last job had an oop that was $10k... yikes) Anyhow, I just realized that Stelara for Crohn's is not a covered medication on my new insurance. I just signed up for the Janssen assistance, however, they only assist you up to $20k a year. So I guess I'm asking for some advice on what to do. I'd rather not switch medications because I'm only recently on Stelara and I love it. I was on Humira for about two years and was doing wonderfully when out of the blue it caused psoriasis in my hair and arthritis in literally every joint in my body, from jaw to toes. It also caused some severe swelling in my tendons along my joints, and some mild swelling in my lips and throat (it was a blast let me tell ya.) I also can't go see my doctor about it because she doesn't accept my insurance! Surprise!  I'm currently looking up new doctors but I will admit I am a bit panicked.  tl;dr: have you ever experienced a change of insurance that threw you for a complete loop and left you without a way to pay for your meds or see your doctor and if so please share some advice with a fellow crohnie.
8yfvh8,779,801,ADR,swelling in my tendons,humira,humira,Problems with Insurance? So I have a question for you guys, as I'm sure some of you may have run into a similar issue.   I recently got a new job that has health insurance that I can afford (my last job had an oop that was $10k... yikes) Anyhow, I just realized that Stelara for Crohn's is not a covered medication on my new insurance. I just signed up for the Janssen assistance, however, they only assist you up to $20k a year. So I guess I'm asking for some advice on what to do. I'd rather not switch medications because I'm only recently on Stelara and I love it. I was on Humira for about two years and was doing wonderfully when out of the blue it caused psoriasis in my hair and arthritis in literally every joint in my body, from jaw to toes. It also caused some severe swelling in my tendons along my joints, and some mild swelling in my lips and throat (it was a blast let me tell ya.) I also can't go see my doctor about it because she doesn't accept my insurance! Surprise!  I'm currently looking up new doctors but I will admit I am a bit panicked.  tl;dr: have you ever experienced a change of insurance that threw you for a complete loop and left you without a way to pay for your meds or see your doctor and if so please share some advice with a fellow crohnie.
8yfvh8,833,852,ADR,swelling in my lips,humira,humira,Problems with Insurance? So I have a question for you guys, as I'm sure some of you may have run into a similar issue.   I recently got a new job that has health insurance that I can afford (my last job had an oop that was $10k... yikes) Anyhow, I just realized that Stelara for Crohn's is not a covered medication on my new insurance. I just signed up for the Janssen assistance, however, they only assist you up to $20k a year. So I guess I'm asking for some advice on what to do. I'd rather not switch medications because I'm only recently on Stelara and I love it. I was on Humira for about two years and was doing wonderfully when out of the blue it caused psoriasis in my hair and arthritis in literally every joint in my body, from jaw to toes. It also caused some severe swelling in my tendons along my joints, and some mild swelling in my lips and throat (it was a blast let me tell ya.) I also can't go see my doctor about it because she doesn't accept my insurance! Surprise!  I'm currently looking up new doctors but I will admit I am a bit panicked.  tl;dr: have you ever experienced a change of insurance that threw you for a complete loop and left you without a way to pay for your meds or see your doctor and if so please share some advice with a fellow crohnie.
8yb5vl,228,233,ADR,flare,humira,humira,An inspirational tale.. Do not fear an Ostomy, when and if that time comes accept and embrace the new lease on life. (Especially if you have UC)  My daughter's quick story. Just about 2 years ago at 15 my daughter got her first flare was hospitalized and diagnosed with UC. Over the last two years she has been on prednisone for all but 3 months. And those months (2 the first time and 1 the second), saw her right back into Severe Pancolitis despite being on Humira the first time and Remicade the second. So after her last flare and hospital stay she researched and decided that she wanted off prednisone and to get an ileostomy. The prednisone has slowly been killing her. She hasn't had fiber in 2 years. And all other biologics she would have to wait until she 18 to be able to take.  We saw the surgeon on June 18th and scheduled surgery for July 9th. Her surgery went great. Her colon was still inflamed despite prednisone and Remicade since January. They did it completely laproscopic. Her first day was painful as the surgeon wanted her not to use opioids because they slow healing. So heavy duty ibuprofen, neurontin and tramidol were what she used. After the first 12 hours her pain went from a 10 to a 4 and she was sitting up on her own. Next day she was up and walking around even down to the lobby. She started a completely unrestricted diet less than 24 after surgery. She ate her first Sun Chip in 2 years and was in heaven.  She got to come home yesterday, just over 48 hours after surgery. She loves her stoma and new lease on life she has. She can look forward to college and life again. She can do road trips. She can do the things her UC has kept her from for 2 years. She can eat whatever she wants (in moderation) and take ibuprofen again.  She hasn't been this happy in years. Please don't fear an ostomy as it can give you your life back.
8y5yj9,336,341,ADR,spots,humira,humira,From Taltz to humira So recently due to Taltz being a very hard drug to come by from my insurance company, I am switching to humira. For about 2 months I wasn’t on anything, waiting for the drs and insurance company to approve my humira. So I’ve taken my humira starter pack and quite frankly haven’t had any good results. I have small spots coming back, a sore throat and my joints are achey. My question is, is this from the lack of meds for those 2 months OR the humira? Anyone else experience this?
8y5yj9,357,368,ADR,sore throat,humira,humira,From Taltz to humira So recently due to Taltz being a very hard drug to come by from my insurance company, I am switching to humira. For about 2 months I wasn’t on anything, waiting for the drs and insurance company to approve my humira. So I’ve taken my humira starter pack and quite frankly haven’t had any good results. I have small spots coming back, a sore throat and my joints are achey. My question is, is this from the lack of meds for those 2 months OR the humira? Anyone else experience this?
8y5yj9,376,392,ADR,joints are achey,humira,humira,From Taltz to humira So recently due to Taltz being a very hard drug to come by from my insurance company, I am switching to humira. For about 2 months I wasn’t on anything, waiting for the drs and insurance company to approve my humira. So I’ve taken my humira starter pack and quite frankly haven’t had any good results. I have small spots coming back, a sore throat and my joints are achey. My question is, is this from the lack of meds for those 2 months OR the humira? Anyone else experience this?
8y4lkl,773,789,ADR,lose some weight,humira,humira,Got an official diagnosis today and I'm feeling good Just got out of the dermatologist's office... and I'm officially diagnosed with HS. I mean, I knew I've had this for the past 5 years, but now I have a formal diagnosis. Which is good. I'm actually feeling optimistic for once!  The derm did steroid injections and prescribed an antibiotic cream, and if these don't work then in 6 weeks I'm seeing her again to discuss other options. She has a patient on humira, and though I'm far from needing it it's good that she has experience with this disease. I feel like I'm in good hands.  I've kept my flare-ups to a minimum by taking two turmeric capsules and washing with hibiclens daily. I'm gonna take up meditation to lower my stress levels (my one known trigger lol) and lose some weight too.   I've taken it upon myself to ler close friends know I have HS lately. I used to be so ashamed and embarrassed but after months of therapy I realized that I have absolutely nothing to be ashamed of. This wretched thing is a part of me, it's a part of my life, and it's here to stay. I might as well embrace it and accept it and try to make the best of it, right?  For some reason ever since being more open about my HS I've been a million times less stressed and a million times more at peace with my condition. I feel good, and hopeful. Things are looking up.
8y4lkl,598,607,ADR,flare-ups,humira,humira,Got an official diagnosis today and I'm feeling good Just got out of the dermatologist's office... and I'm officially diagnosed with HS. I mean, I knew I've had this for the past 5 years, but now I have a formal diagnosis. Which is good. I'm actually feeling optimistic for once!  The derm did steroid injections and prescribed an antibiotic cream, and if these don't work then in 6 weeks I'm seeing her again to discuss other options. She has a patient on humira, and though I'm far from needing it it's good that she has experience with this disease. I feel like I'm in good hands.  I've kept my flare-ups to a minimum by taking two turmeric capsules and washing with hibiclens daily. I'm gonna take up meditation to lower my stress levels (my one known trigger lol) and lose some weight too.   I've taken it upon myself to ler close friends know I have HS lately. I used to be so ashamed and embarrassed but after months of therapy I realized that I have absolutely nothing to be ashamed of. This wretched thing is a part of me, it's a part of my life, and it's here to stay. I might as well embrace it and accept it and try to make the best of it, right?  For some reason ever since being more open about my HS I've been a million times less stressed and a million times more at peace with my condition. I feel good, and hopeful. Things are looking up.
8y4575,5304,5324,ADR,increased heart rate,spiriva,spiriva,Pharmacology 101: Beta Agonists, Anticholinergics And How They They Impact The Autonomic Nervous System  How is it that respiratory medicines work? If your a respiratory therapist like me, a quick review is always helpful. If you're a patient, it might be neat to learn how the medicines you have in your medicine cabinet work. So, here is a quick review. Today's focus will be on beta-adrenergic medicine like albuterol and anticholinergic medicine like Spiriva.     For starters, these types of medicines have some impact on the autonomic nervous system.     **What is the autonomic nervous (ANS) system?** It's the system that contains all the nerves, neurons, and neurotransmitters that control all your inner organs, including your heart, blood vessels, and lungs.   It also controls other organs, but for our purposes, we'll limit our discussion to these three.     The ANS responds to your internal and external environment by releasing certain chemicals (we'll get to these in a moment) that bind to receptor sites (we'll get to these in a moment too) on specific organs to tell them what to do. It contains two parts.     1. **Sympathetic Nervous System (SNS)**. It stimulates your organs to respond to emergency situations. It essentially stimulates what is often referred to as the "flight or fight" response.  2. **Parasympathetic Nervous System (PNS)**. It inhibits (or shuts off) the SNS response. It returns your body systems back to normal status and controls these organs during normal, ordinary circumstances.   Here are some of the bodily responses the ANS controls that we need to be concerned with.   * **Blood Pressure**.     * SNS: Narrows blood vessels to speed up the flow of blood to increase blood pressure    * PNS: Dilates blood vessels to slow the flow of blood to decrease blood pressure.  * **Heart Rate**.    * SNS: Speeds up the rate and force to pump blood through narrowed vessels.    * PNS: Slows it down as less pressure is needed to pump blood through dilated vessels. * **Airways**:    * SNS: Dilates airways to make breathing free and easy.    * PNS: Constricts Airways to return them to normal.   Now we must delve into how the SNS affects these responses. To begin with, the ANS involves nerve cells that secrete neurotransmitters. There are two types of nerve cells, each of which secretes a neurotransmitter.   1. **Adrenergic**. These are nerve cells that secrete the neurotransmitter norepinephrine, which stimulates an SNS response and inhibits a PNS response.  2. **Cholinergic**. These are nerve cells that the neurotransmitter norepinephrine, which stimulates a PNS response and inhibits the SNS response.   Neurotransmitters are transmitted through neurons and are attracted to certain receptors that are attached to certain cells in specific organs. The receptors include...  1. **Adrenergic receptors**. These are receptors that norepinephrine is attracted to. Another neurotransmitter called epinephrine (adrenaline) is also attracted to them. Neurotransmitters attracted to them are called catecholamines. When a catecholamine binds to an adrenergic receptor, it stimulates some SNS response.  2. **Cholinergic receptors**. These are receptors that acetylcholine is attracted to. When acetylcholine binds to a cholinergic receptor, it stimulates some PNS response.   **There are two groups of adrenergic receptors**.   * **α (Alpha)**.     * **α-1-Adrenergic Receptors**. They line blood vessels and when stimulated by catecholamines this causes vasoconstriction.   * **β (Beta) Receptors**.     * **β-1 Adrenergic Receptors**. They line heart muscle tissue and are attracted to catecholamines, which cause an increase in rate and force of the heart to increase cardiac output. This is needed to create the needed pressure to pump blood through narrowed arteries. The purpose of these combined effects is to assure tissues receive adequate oxygenation during a stressful event.     * **β-2 Adrenergic Receptors**. They line airway smooth muscles (from the trachea to terminal bronchioles). They are attracted to catecholamines, which cause bronchodilation to open airways.   **Sympathomimetic Medicine**. These are medicines that are attracted to adrenergic receptors. They mimic catecholamine and include.  * S**hort-Acting Beta Agonists (SABA)**. These are medicines that are attracted to B2 receptors to relax bronchiolar smooth muscles to dilate (open) airways within minutes and only last 4-8 hours. They are non-specific to B1 and B2 receptors, and therefore offer negligible side effects. These include epinephrine (Adrenaline), albuterol (Ventolin, ProAir, Proventil), and levalbuterol (Xopenex). Some SABAs that are no longer used include Isoproterenol (isoprenaline), terbutaline, ephedrine ([Ma-huang](http://asthmahistory.blogspot.com/2014/11/2838-chinese-discover-worlds-best.html)), and Metaproterenol (Alupent). These are also referred to as rescue medicine because they open airways relatively fast. As a general rule, most experts recommend all asthmatics and COPD patients have it nearby at all times. Epinephrine has the greatest risk for stimulating B1, B2, and A1 receptors and offering side effects. The other ones currently on the market have minimal effect on B1 receptors, although some studies show that they can cause an increased heart rate, increased blood pressure, and EKG changes in some individuals (although this is rare, it should be considered). The recommended dose of albuterol is 2 puffs every 4-6 ours. Studies seem to suggest that the medicine is safe for use in emergencies even at high doses, although the chronic use of high doses (using more than 6 times a day) may cause a decrease in beta 2 adrenergic receptors. This may cause tachyphylaxis, resulting in the need for even higher doses just to obtain minimal results. Excessive use of albuterol is a clear indicator of the need to seek medical attention and for physicians to consider asthma controller medicines or a step-up treatment approach for those already using controller medicines. While initial studies showed levalbuterol to offer fewer side effects to albuterol, more recent studies show it can produce the same side effects, and is therefore not superior to but equal to albuterol in as a bronchodilator, although it costs more due to a current patent. SABA's may also lower potassium. To learn more check out our post, "[How Albuterol Lowers Potassium](http://respiratorytherapycave.blogspot.com/search?q=potassium)." * **Long-Acting Beta Agonists (LABA)**. These are beta agonists that last 12-24 hours. These include salmeterol and formoterol. These are rarely given alone for the treatment of asthma, although they remain viable options for asthma and COPD. For asthma, they are usually included in combination with an inhaled corticosteroid in inhalers like Advair, Symbicort, Dulera, and Breo. These are generally used as asthma controller or preventive medicine, and they must be taken every day to truly be effective. For COPD, they are considered a top-line option, although some studies seem to indicate that Spiriva alone offers improved lung function and reduction in the feeling of shortness of breath compared with LABA's alone. Formoterol in Symbicort and Dulera has a rapid onset and can open airways as fast as a SABA. Serevent in Advair opens airways in about 15 minutes.   **There are two groups of cholinergic receptors**.   * **Muscarinic Receptors**. Acetylcholine is attracted to them. When acetylcholine binds to them, this causes airways to narrow and mucus secretion to increase.  * **Nicotine**. I won't even go here. This is a discussion for another day.   **Anticholinergic/ Muscarinic Medicine**. These are medicines that are attracted to Muscarinic Receptors and thereby bind to them to prevent acetylcholine from binding to them. They are called anticholinergics because they block their effects by preventing them from binding to muscarinic receptors. Cholinergic stimulation has a primary effect on COPD, so anticholinergics are a top-line treatment for COPD. Studies seem to show that anticholinergics are equal in their bronchodilation effect for a patient with COPD compared to b2 agonists, and may even have a superior bronchodilation effect. Cholinergic stimulation has a secondary effect on asthma, so anticholinergics are a second-line treatment for asthma, although they remain an option worth trying for some with severe asthma.  Anticholinergic medicine cause bronchodilation, although do not decrease mucus secretion.     * **Short-Acting Anticholinergics**. They last 4-6 hours and are taken 4 times per day. Studies show they are helpful for treating acute asthma and COPD flare-ups. These include ipratropium bromide (Atrovent) and oxitropium bromide (not available in the U.S.).  * **Long-Acting Anticholinergics**. These last 24 hours. They include tiotropium bromide (Spiriva), glycopyrrolate, (Seebri), umeclidinium (Incruse), and aclidinium bromide (Ttudorza). Older medicines include [belladonna](http://asthmahistory.blogspot.com/2015/04/1500-bc-asthma-in-ancien-egypt-ebers.html), stramonium, and atropine. Anticholinergic medicine remains second-line options for asthma and top-line options for COPD. Studies show that tiotropium bromide is slightly more effective at improving lung function, improving the quality of life, and reducing COPD flare-ups, compared with short-acting anticholinergics. Studies also show it is better at opening airways than LABA's for COPD. Side effects are negligible, with the most common being dry mouth. Incruse and Tudorza are the newer LABA's and I will look into studies regarding them in the future.   There is a reason I listed the current medicines used and older medicines that are no longer used. This is because, over time, the molecules were adjusted to eliminate side effects and to increase the desired effect. Epinephrine, for instance, has a strong effect on α-1 leading to increased blood pressure, β-1 leading to increased heart rate and palpitations, and β-2 receptors leading to bronchodilation. So, while it opened airways, it also caused cardiac side effects along with tremors and nervousness. Ventolin, on the other hand, has a strong β-2 effect with a minimal effect on α-1 and β-1 receptors, meaning it has an equal bronchodilator effect to epinephrine with negligible side effects. Tremors and nervousness continue to be side effects, although these are acceptable tradeoffs to most asthmatics.    Another good example is atropine. It was isolated in [1833](http://asthmahistory.blogspot.com/2016/02/1833-atropine-discovered-as-active.html) as the active ingredient of stramonium and belladonna. By the late 19th century it was routinely recommended for the treatment of asthma. Giving atropine alone was an improvement over stramonium and belladonna, which also had a strong effect on the mind, similar to marijuana. Atrovent was a mild bronchodilator, although enhance the salivatory response in the mouth, causing oral dehydration. It may also cause tachycardia. It also dilated pupils if you ever splashed it into your eyes. Atropine was a top-line asthma medicine in the 1980's, only to be replaced by Atrovent in the early 1990's. Atrovent was formulated in a way that side effects are negligible, although it can cause a dry mouth by oral absorption (which is a good reason to rinse after each use). The nebulizer solution of Atrovent, if splashed, can cause pupil dilation. The formula was modulated again to create the long-acting anticholinergics Spiriva, Incruse and Tudorza.    So, there you have the basics of how the ANS affects the lungs and how it relates to the respiratory medicines. Any further questions, comments, or suggestion let me know in the comments below.    References:  1. Low, Philip, "Overview of the Autonomic Nervous System," Merck Manual, https://www.merckmanuals.com/home/brain,-spinal-cord,-and-nerve-disorders/autonomic-nervous-system-disorders/overview-of-the-autonomic-nervous-system, accessed 7/717 2. Golan, David E., et al., editors, "[Principles of Pharmacology](https://books.google.com/books?id=WM7rvNUcrdsC&amp;pg=PA827&amp;dq=adrenergic+receptors,+asthma&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiWv8iR2_fUAhXhxYMKHU63DlUQ6AEILTAB#v=onepage&amp;q=adrenergic%20receptors%2C%20asthma&amp;f=false)," 3rd Ed., 2012, Lippincott, pates 113, 827 3. Albert, Richard K., Stephen G. Spiro, James R. Jett, editors, "[Clinical Respiratory Medicine](http://rc.rcjournal.com/content/62/7/882?etoc=)," 3rd ed., 2008, MosbyElsevier, pages 524-526
8y4575,5326,5350,ADR,increased blood pressure,spiriva,spiriva,Pharmacology 101: Beta Agonists, Anticholinergics And How They They Impact The Autonomic Nervous System  How is it that respiratory medicines work? If your a respiratory therapist like me, a quick review is always helpful. If you're a patient, it might be neat to learn how the medicines you have in your medicine cabinet work. So, here is a quick review. Today's focus will be on beta-adrenergic medicine like albuterol and anticholinergic medicine like Spiriva.     For starters, these types of medicines have some impact on the autonomic nervous system.     **What is the autonomic nervous (ANS) system?** It's the system that contains all the nerves, neurons, and neurotransmitters that control all your inner organs, including your heart, blood vessels, and lungs.   It also controls other organs, but for our purposes, we'll limit our discussion to these three.     The ANS responds to your internal and external environment by releasing certain chemicals (we'll get to these in a moment) that bind to receptor sites (we'll get to these in a moment too) on specific organs to tell them what to do. It contains two parts.     1. **Sympathetic Nervous System (SNS)**. It stimulates your organs to respond to emergency situations. It essentially stimulates what is often referred to as the "flight or fight" response.  2. **Parasympathetic Nervous System (PNS)**. It inhibits (or shuts off) the SNS response. It returns your body systems back to normal status and controls these organs during normal, ordinary circumstances.   Here are some of the bodily responses the ANS controls that we need to be concerned with.   * **Blood Pressure**.     * SNS: Narrows blood vessels to speed up the flow of blood to increase blood pressure    * PNS: Dilates blood vessels to slow the flow of blood to decrease blood pressure.  * **Heart Rate**.    * SNS: Speeds up the rate and force to pump blood through narrowed vessels.    * PNS: Slows it down as less pressure is needed to pump blood through dilated vessels. * **Airways**:    * SNS: Dilates airways to make breathing free and easy.    * PNS: Constricts Airways to return them to normal.   Now we must delve into how the SNS affects these responses. To begin with, the ANS involves nerve cells that secrete neurotransmitters. There are two types of nerve cells, each of which secretes a neurotransmitter.   1. **Adrenergic**. These are nerve cells that secrete the neurotransmitter norepinephrine, which stimulates an SNS response and inhibits a PNS response.  2. **Cholinergic**. These are nerve cells that the neurotransmitter norepinephrine, which stimulates a PNS response and inhibits the SNS response.   Neurotransmitters are transmitted through neurons and are attracted to certain receptors that are attached to certain cells in specific organs. The receptors include...  1. **Adrenergic receptors**. These are receptors that norepinephrine is attracted to. Another neurotransmitter called epinephrine (adrenaline) is also attracted to them. Neurotransmitters attracted to them are called catecholamines. When a catecholamine binds to an adrenergic receptor, it stimulates some SNS response.  2. **Cholinergic receptors**. These are receptors that acetylcholine is attracted to. When acetylcholine binds to a cholinergic receptor, it stimulates some PNS response.   **There are two groups of adrenergic receptors**.   * **α (Alpha)**.     * **α-1-Adrenergic Receptors**. They line blood vessels and when stimulated by catecholamines this causes vasoconstriction.   * **β (Beta) Receptors**.     * **β-1 Adrenergic Receptors**. They line heart muscle tissue and are attracted to catecholamines, which cause an increase in rate and force of the heart to increase cardiac output. This is needed to create the needed pressure to pump blood through narrowed arteries. The purpose of these combined effects is to assure tissues receive adequate oxygenation during a stressful event.     * **β-2 Adrenergic Receptors**. They line airway smooth muscles (from the trachea to terminal bronchioles). They are attracted to catecholamines, which cause bronchodilation to open airways.   **Sympathomimetic Medicine**. These are medicines that are attracted to adrenergic receptors. They mimic catecholamine and include.  * S**hort-Acting Beta Agonists (SABA)**. These are medicines that are attracted to B2 receptors to relax bronchiolar smooth muscles to dilate (open) airways within minutes and only last 4-8 hours. They are non-specific to B1 and B2 receptors, and therefore offer negligible side effects. These include epinephrine (Adrenaline), albuterol (Ventolin, ProAir, Proventil), and levalbuterol (Xopenex). Some SABAs that are no longer used include Isoproterenol (isoprenaline), terbutaline, ephedrine ([Ma-huang](http://asthmahistory.blogspot.com/2014/11/2838-chinese-discover-worlds-best.html)), and Metaproterenol (Alupent). These are also referred to as rescue medicine because they open airways relatively fast. As a general rule, most experts recommend all asthmatics and COPD patients have it nearby at all times. Epinephrine has the greatest risk for stimulating B1, B2, and A1 receptors and offering side effects. The other ones currently on the market have minimal effect on B1 receptors, although some studies show that they can cause an increased heart rate, increased blood pressure, and EKG changes in some individuals (although this is rare, it should be considered). The recommended dose of albuterol is 2 puffs every 4-6 ours. Studies seem to suggest that the medicine is safe for use in emergencies even at high doses, although the chronic use of high doses (using more than 6 times a day) may cause a decrease in beta 2 adrenergic receptors. This may cause tachyphylaxis, resulting in the need for even higher doses just to obtain minimal results. Excessive use of albuterol is a clear indicator of the need to seek medical attention and for physicians to consider asthma controller medicines or a step-up treatment approach for those already using controller medicines. While initial studies showed levalbuterol to offer fewer side effects to albuterol, more recent studies show it can produce the same side effects, and is therefore not superior to but equal to albuterol in as a bronchodilator, although it costs more due to a current patent. SABA's may also lower potassium. To learn more check out our post, "[How Albuterol Lowers Potassium](http://respiratorytherapycave.blogspot.com/search?q=potassium)." * **Long-Acting Beta Agonists (LABA)**. These are beta agonists that last 12-24 hours. These include salmeterol and formoterol. These are rarely given alone for the treatment of asthma, although they remain viable options for asthma and COPD. For asthma, they are usually included in combination with an inhaled corticosteroid in inhalers like Advair, Symbicort, Dulera, and Breo. These are generally used as asthma controller or preventive medicine, and they must be taken every day to truly be effective. For COPD, they are considered a top-line option, although some studies seem to indicate that Spiriva alone offers improved lung function and reduction in the feeling of shortness of breath compared with LABA's alone. Formoterol in Symbicort and Dulera has a rapid onset and can open airways as fast as a SABA. Serevent in Advair opens airways in about 15 minutes.   **There are two groups of cholinergic receptors**.   * **Muscarinic Receptors**. Acetylcholine is attracted to them. When acetylcholine binds to them, this causes airways to narrow and mucus secretion to increase.  * **Nicotine**. I won't even go here. This is a discussion for another day.   **Anticholinergic/ Muscarinic Medicine**. These are medicines that are attracted to Muscarinic Receptors and thereby bind to them to prevent acetylcholine from binding to them. They are called anticholinergics because they block their effects by preventing them from binding to muscarinic receptors. Cholinergic stimulation has a primary effect on COPD, so anticholinergics are a top-line treatment for COPD. Studies seem to show that anticholinergics are equal in their bronchodilation effect for a patient with COPD compared to b2 agonists, and may even have a superior bronchodilation effect. Cholinergic stimulation has a secondary effect on asthma, so anticholinergics are a second-line treatment for asthma, although they remain an option worth trying for some with severe asthma.  Anticholinergic medicine cause bronchodilation, although do not decrease mucus secretion.     * **Short-Acting Anticholinergics**. They last 4-6 hours and are taken 4 times per day. Studies show they are helpful for treating acute asthma and COPD flare-ups. These include ipratropium bromide (Atrovent) and oxitropium bromide (not available in the U.S.).  * **Long-Acting Anticholinergics**. These last 24 hours. They include tiotropium bromide (Spiriva), glycopyrrolate, (Seebri), umeclidinium (Incruse), and aclidinium bromide (Ttudorza). Older medicines include [belladonna](http://asthmahistory.blogspot.com/2015/04/1500-bc-asthma-in-ancien-egypt-ebers.html), stramonium, and atropine. Anticholinergic medicine remains second-line options for asthma and top-line options for COPD. Studies show that tiotropium bromide is slightly more effective at improving lung function, improving the quality of life, and reducing COPD flare-ups, compared with short-acting anticholinergics. Studies also show it is better at opening airways than LABA's for COPD. Side effects are negligible, with the most common being dry mouth. Incruse and Tudorza are the newer LABA's and I will look into studies regarding them in the future.   There is a reason I listed the current medicines used and older medicines that are no longer used. This is because, over time, the molecules were adjusted to eliminate side effects and to increase the desired effect. Epinephrine, for instance, has a strong effect on α-1 leading to increased blood pressure, β-1 leading to increased heart rate and palpitations, and β-2 receptors leading to bronchodilation. So, while it opened airways, it also caused cardiac side effects along with tremors and nervousness. Ventolin, on the other hand, has a strong β-2 effect with a minimal effect on α-1 and β-1 receptors, meaning it has an equal bronchodilator effect to epinephrine with negligible side effects. Tremors and nervousness continue to be side effects, although these are acceptable tradeoffs to most asthmatics.    Another good example is atropine. It was isolated in [1833](http://asthmahistory.blogspot.com/2016/02/1833-atropine-discovered-as-active.html) as the active ingredient of stramonium and belladonna. By the late 19th century it was routinely recommended for the treatment of asthma. Giving atropine alone was an improvement over stramonium and belladonna, which also had a strong effect on the mind, similar to marijuana. Atrovent was a mild bronchodilator, although enhance the salivatory response in the mouth, causing oral dehydration. It may also cause tachycardia. It also dilated pupils if you ever splashed it into your eyes. Atropine was a top-line asthma medicine in the 1980's, only to be replaced by Atrovent in the early 1990's. Atrovent was formulated in a way that side effects are negligible, although it can cause a dry mouth by oral absorption (which is a good reason to rinse after each use). The nebulizer solution of Atrovent, if splashed, can cause pupil dilation. The formula was modulated again to create the long-acting anticholinergics Spiriva, Incruse and Tudorza.    So, there you have the basics of how the ANS affects the lungs and how it relates to the respiratory medicines. Any further questions, comments, or suggestion let me know in the comments below.    References:  1. Low, Philip, "Overview of the Autonomic Nervous System," Merck Manual, https://www.merckmanuals.com/home/brain,-spinal-cord,-and-nerve-disorders/autonomic-nervous-system-disorders/overview-of-the-autonomic-nervous-system, accessed 7/717 2. Golan, David E., et al., editors, "[Principles of Pharmacology](https://books.google.com/books?id=WM7rvNUcrdsC&amp;pg=PA827&amp;dq=adrenergic+receptors,+asthma&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiWv8iR2_fUAhXhxYMKHU63DlUQ6AEILTAB#v=onepage&amp;q=adrenergic%20receptors%2C%20asthma&amp;f=false)," 3rd Ed., 2012, Lippincott, pates 113, 827 3. Albert, Richard K., Stephen G. Spiro, James R. Jett, editors, "[Clinical Respiratory Medicine](http://rc.rcjournal.com/content/62/7/882?etoc=)," 3rd ed., 2008, MosbyElsevier, pages 524-526
8y4575,5731,5744,ADR,tachyphylaxis,spiriva,spiriva,Pharmacology 101: Beta Agonists, Anticholinergics And How They They Impact The Autonomic Nervous System  How is it that respiratory medicines work? If your a respiratory therapist like me, a quick review is always helpful. If you're a patient, it might be neat to learn how the medicines you have in your medicine cabinet work. So, here is a quick review. Today's focus will be on beta-adrenergic medicine like albuterol and anticholinergic medicine like Spiriva.     For starters, these types of medicines have some impact on the autonomic nervous system.     **What is the autonomic nervous (ANS) system?** It's the system that contains all the nerves, neurons, and neurotransmitters that control all your inner organs, including your heart, blood vessels, and lungs.   It also controls other organs, but for our purposes, we'll limit our discussion to these three.     The ANS responds to your internal and external environment by releasing certain chemicals (we'll get to these in a moment) that bind to receptor sites (we'll get to these in a moment too) on specific organs to tell them what to do. It contains two parts.     1. **Sympathetic Nervous System (SNS)**. It stimulates your organs to respond to emergency situations. It essentially stimulates what is often referred to as the "flight or fight" response.  2. **Parasympathetic Nervous System (PNS)**. It inhibits (or shuts off) the SNS response. It returns your body systems back to normal status and controls these organs during normal, ordinary circumstances.   Here are some of the bodily responses the ANS controls that we need to be concerned with.   * **Blood Pressure**.     * SNS: Narrows blood vessels to speed up the flow of blood to increase blood pressure    * PNS: Dilates blood vessels to slow the flow of blood to decrease blood pressure.  * **Heart Rate**.    * SNS: Speeds up the rate and force to pump blood through narrowed vessels.    * PNS: Slows it down as less pressure is needed to pump blood through dilated vessels. * **Airways**:    * SNS: Dilates airways to make breathing free and easy.    * PNS: Constricts Airways to return them to normal.   Now we must delve into how the SNS affects these responses. To begin with, the ANS involves nerve cells that secrete neurotransmitters. There are two types of nerve cells, each of which secretes a neurotransmitter.   1. **Adrenergic**. These are nerve cells that secrete the neurotransmitter norepinephrine, which stimulates an SNS response and inhibits a PNS response.  2. **Cholinergic**. These are nerve cells that the neurotransmitter norepinephrine, which stimulates a PNS response and inhibits the SNS response.   Neurotransmitters are transmitted through neurons and are attracted to certain receptors that are attached to certain cells in specific organs. The receptors include...  1. **Adrenergic receptors**. These are receptors that norepinephrine is attracted to. Another neurotransmitter called epinephrine (adrenaline) is also attracted to them. Neurotransmitters attracted to them are called catecholamines. When a catecholamine binds to an adrenergic receptor, it stimulates some SNS response.  2. **Cholinergic receptors**. These are receptors that acetylcholine is attracted to. When acetylcholine binds to a cholinergic receptor, it stimulates some PNS response.   **There are two groups of adrenergic receptors**.   * **α (Alpha)**.     * **α-1-Adrenergic Receptors**. They line blood vessels and when stimulated by catecholamines this causes vasoconstriction.   * **β (Beta) Receptors**.     * **β-1 Adrenergic Receptors**. They line heart muscle tissue and are attracted to catecholamines, which cause an increase in rate and force of the heart to increase cardiac output. This is needed to create the needed pressure to pump blood through narrowed arteries. The purpose of these combined effects is to assure tissues receive adequate oxygenation during a stressful event.     * **β-2 Adrenergic Receptors**. They line airway smooth muscles (from the trachea to terminal bronchioles). They are attracted to catecholamines, which cause bronchodilation to open airways.   **Sympathomimetic Medicine**. These are medicines that are attracted to adrenergic receptors. They mimic catecholamine and include.  * S**hort-Acting Beta Agonists (SABA)**. These are medicines that are attracted to B2 receptors to relax bronchiolar smooth muscles to dilate (open) airways within minutes and only last 4-8 hours. They are non-specific to B1 and B2 receptors, and therefore offer negligible side effects. These include epinephrine (Adrenaline), albuterol (Ventolin, ProAir, Proventil), and levalbuterol (Xopenex). Some SABAs that are no longer used include Isoproterenol (isoprenaline), terbutaline, ephedrine ([Ma-huang](http://asthmahistory.blogspot.com/2014/11/2838-chinese-discover-worlds-best.html)), and Metaproterenol (Alupent). These are also referred to as rescue medicine because they open airways relatively fast. As a general rule, most experts recommend all asthmatics and COPD patients have it nearby at all times. Epinephrine has the greatest risk for stimulating B1, B2, and A1 receptors and offering side effects. The other ones currently on the market have minimal effect on B1 receptors, although some studies show that they can cause an increased heart rate, increased blood pressure, and EKG changes in some individuals (although this is rare, it should be considered). The recommended dose of albuterol is 2 puffs every 4-6 ours. Studies seem to suggest that the medicine is safe for use in emergencies even at high doses, although the chronic use of high doses (using more than 6 times a day) may cause a decrease in beta 2 adrenergic receptors. This may cause tachyphylaxis, resulting in the need for even higher doses just to obtain minimal results. Excessive use of albuterol is a clear indicator of the need to seek medical attention and for physicians to consider asthma controller medicines or a step-up treatment approach for those already using controller medicines. While initial studies showed levalbuterol to offer fewer side effects to albuterol, more recent studies show it can produce the same side effects, and is therefore not superior to but equal to albuterol in as a bronchodilator, although it costs more due to a current patent. SABA's may also lower potassium. To learn more check out our post, "[How Albuterol Lowers Potassium](http://respiratorytherapycave.blogspot.com/search?q=potassium)." * **Long-Acting Beta Agonists (LABA)**. These are beta agonists that last 12-24 hours. These include salmeterol and formoterol. These are rarely given alone for the treatment of asthma, although they remain viable options for asthma and COPD. For asthma, they are usually included in combination with an inhaled corticosteroid in inhalers like Advair, Symbicort, Dulera, and Breo. These are generally used as asthma controller or preventive medicine, and they must be taken every day to truly be effective. For COPD, they are considered a top-line option, although some studies seem to indicate that Spiriva alone offers improved lung function and reduction in the feeling of shortness of breath compared with LABA's alone. Formoterol in Symbicort and Dulera has a rapid onset and can open airways as fast as a SABA. Serevent in Advair opens airways in about 15 minutes.   **There are two groups of cholinergic receptors**.   * **Muscarinic Receptors**. Acetylcholine is attracted to them. When acetylcholine binds to them, this causes airways to narrow and mucus secretion to increase.  * **Nicotine**. I won't even go here. This is a discussion for another day.   **Anticholinergic/ Muscarinic Medicine**. These are medicines that are attracted to Muscarinic Receptors and thereby bind to them to prevent acetylcholine from binding to them. They are called anticholinergics because they block their effects by preventing them from binding to muscarinic receptors. Cholinergic stimulation has a primary effect on COPD, so anticholinergics are a top-line treatment for COPD. Studies seem to show that anticholinergics are equal in their bronchodilation effect for a patient with COPD compared to b2 agonists, and may even have a superior bronchodilation effect. Cholinergic stimulation has a secondary effect on asthma, so anticholinergics are a second-line treatment for asthma, although they remain an option worth trying for some with severe asthma.  Anticholinergic medicine cause bronchodilation, although do not decrease mucus secretion.     * **Short-Acting Anticholinergics**. They last 4-6 hours and are taken 4 times per day. Studies show they are helpful for treating acute asthma and COPD flare-ups. These include ipratropium bromide (Atrovent) and oxitropium bromide (not available in the U.S.).  * **Long-Acting Anticholinergics**. These last 24 hours. They include tiotropium bromide (Spiriva), glycopyrrolate, (Seebri), umeclidinium (Incruse), and aclidinium bromide (Ttudorza). Older medicines include [belladonna](http://asthmahistory.blogspot.com/2015/04/1500-bc-asthma-in-ancien-egypt-ebers.html), stramonium, and atropine. Anticholinergic medicine remains second-line options for asthma and top-line options for COPD. Studies show that tiotropium bromide is slightly more effective at improving lung function, improving the quality of life, and reducing COPD flare-ups, compared with short-acting anticholinergics. Studies also show it is better at opening airways than LABA's for COPD. Side effects are negligible, with the most common being dry mouth. Incruse and Tudorza are the newer LABA's and I will look into studies regarding them in the future.   There is a reason I listed the current medicines used and older medicines that are no longer used. This is because, over time, the molecules were adjusted to eliminate side effects and to increase the desired effect. Epinephrine, for instance, has a strong effect on α-1 leading to increased blood pressure, β-1 leading to increased heart rate and palpitations, and β-2 receptors leading to bronchodilation. So, while it opened airways, it also caused cardiac side effects along with tremors and nervousness. Ventolin, on the other hand, has a strong β-2 effect with a minimal effect on α-1 and β-1 receptors, meaning it has an equal bronchodilator effect to epinephrine with negligible side effects. Tremors and nervousness continue to be side effects, although these are acceptable tradeoffs to most asthmatics.    Another good example is atropine. It was isolated in [1833](http://asthmahistory.blogspot.com/2016/02/1833-atropine-discovered-as-active.html) as the active ingredient of stramonium and belladonna. By the late 19th century it was routinely recommended for the treatment of asthma. Giving atropine alone was an improvement over stramonium and belladonna, which also had a strong effect on the mind, similar to marijuana. Atrovent was a mild bronchodilator, although enhance the salivatory response in the mouth, causing oral dehydration. It may also cause tachycardia. It also dilated pupils if you ever splashed it into your eyes. Atropine was a top-line asthma medicine in the 1980's, only to be replaced by Atrovent in the early 1990's. Atrovent was formulated in a way that side effects are negligible, although it can cause a dry mouth by oral absorption (which is a good reason to rinse after each use). The nebulizer solution of Atrovent, if splashed, can cause pupil dilation. The formula was modulated again to create the long-acting anticholinergics Spiriva, Incruse and Tudorza.    So, there you have the basics of how the ANS affects the lungs and how it relates to the respiratory medicines. Any further questions, comments, or suggestion let me know in the comments below.    References:  1. Low, Philip, "Overview of the Autonomic Nervous System," Merck Manual, https://www.merckmanuals.com/home/brain,-spinal-cord,-and-nerve-disorders/autonomic-nervous-system-disorders/overview-of-the-autonomic-nervous-system, accessed 7/717 2. Golan, David E., et al., editors, "[Principles of Pharmacology](https://books.google.com/books?id=WM7rvNUcrdsC&amp;pg=PA827&amp;dq=adrenergic+receptors,+asthma&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiWv8iR2_fUAhXhxYMKHU63DlUQ6AEILTAB#v=onepage&amp;q=adrenergic%20receptors%2C%20asthma&amp;f=false)," 3rd Ed., 2012, Lippincott, pates 113, 827 3. Albert, Richard K., Stephen G. Spiro, James R. Jett, editors, "[Clinical Respiratory Medicine](http://rc.rcjournal.com/content/62/7/882?etoc=)," 3rd ed., 2008, MosbyElsevier, pages 524-526
8y4575,10011,10023,ADR,palpitations,spiriva,spiriva,Pharmacology 101: Beta Agonists, Anticholinergics And How They They Impact The Autonomic Nervous System  How is it that respiratory medicines work? If your a respiratory therapist like me, a quick review is always helpful. If you're a patient, it might be neat to learn how the medicines you have in your medicine cabinet work. So, here is a quick review. Today's focus will be on beta-adrenergic medicine like albuterol and anticholinergic medicine like Spiriva.     For starters, these types of medicines have some impact on the autonomic nervous system.     **What is the autonomic nervous (ANS) system?** It's the system that contains all the nerves, neurons, and neurotransmitters that control all your inner organs, including your heart, blood vessels, and lungs.   It also controls other organs, but for our purposes, we'll limit our discussion to these three.     The ANS responds to your internal and external environment by releasing certain chemicals (we'll get to these in a moment) that bind to receptor sites (we'll get to these in a moment too) on specific organs to tell them what to do. It contains two parts.     1. **Sympathetic Nervous System (SNS)**. It stimulates your organs to respond to emergency situations. It essentially stimulates what is often referred to as the "flight or fight" response.  2. **Parasympathetic Nervous System (PNS)**. It inhibits (or shuts off) the SNS response. It returns your body systems back to normal status and controls these organs during normal, ordinary circumstances.   Here are some of the bodily responses the ANS controls that we need to be concerned with.   * **Blood Pressure**.     * SNS: Narrows blood vessels to speed up the flow of blood to increase blood pressure    * PNS: Dilates blood vessels to slow the flow of blood to decrease blood pressure.  * **Heart Rate**.    * SNS: Speeds up the rate and force to pump blood through narrowed vessels.    * PNS: Slows it down as less pressure is needed to pump blood through dilated vessels. * **Airways**:    * SNS: Dilates airways to make breathing free and easy.    * PNS: Constricts Airways to return them to normal.   Now we must delve into how the SNS affects these responses. To begin with, the ANS involves nerve cells that secrete neurotransmitters. There are two types of nerve cells, each of which secretes a neurotransmitter.   1. **Adrenergic**. These are nerve cells that secrete the neurotransmitter norepinephrine, which stimulates an SNS response and inhibits a PNS response.  2. **Cholinergic**. These are nerve cells that the neurotransmitter norepinephrine, which stimulates a PNS response and inhibits the SNS response.   Neurotransmitters are transmitted through neurons and are attracted to certain receptors that are attached to certain cells in specific organs. The receptors include...  1. **Adrenergic receptors**. These are receptors that norepinephrine is attracted to. Another neurotransmitter called epinephrine (adrenaline) is also attracted to them. Neurotransmitters attracted to them are called catecholamines. When a catecholamine binds to an adrenergic receptor, it stimulates some SNS response.  2. **Cholinergic receptors**. These are receptors that acetylcholine is attracted to. When acetylcholine binds to a cholinergic receptor, it stimulates some PNS response.   **There are two groups of adrenergic receptors**.   * **α (Alpha)**.     * **α-1-Adrenergic Receptors**. They line blood vessels and when stimulated by catecholamines this causes vasoconstriction.   * **β (Beta) Receptors**.     * **β-1 Adrenergic Receptors**. They line heart muscle tissue and are attracted to catecholamines, which cause an increase in rate and force of the heart to increase cardiac output. This is needed to create the needed pressure to pump blood through narrowed arteries. The purpose of these combined effects is to assure tissues receive adequate oxygenation during a stressful event.     * **β-2 Adrenergic Receptors**. They line airway smooth muscles (from the trachea to terminal bronchioles). They are attracted to catecholamines, which cause bronchodilation to open airways.   **Sympathomimetic Medicine**. These are medicines that are attracted to adrenergic receptors. They mimic catecholamine and include.  * S**hort-Acting Beta Agonists (SABA)**. These are medicines that are attracted to B2 receptors to relax bronchiolar smooth muscles to dilate (open) airways within minutes and only last 4-8 hours. They are non-specific to B1 and B2 receptors, and therefore offer negligible side effects. These include epinephrine (Adrenaline), albuterol (Ventolin, ProAir, Proventil), and levalbuterol (Xopenex). Some SABAs that are no longer used include Isoproterenol (isoprenaline), terbutaline, ephedrine ([Ma-huang](http://asthmahistory.blogspot.com/2014/11/2838-chinese-discover-worlds-best.html)), and Metaproterenol (Alupent). These are also referred to as rescue medicine because they open airways relatively fast. As a general rule, most experts recommend all asthmatics and COPD patients have it nearby at all times. Epinephrine has the greatest risk for stimulating B1, B2, and A1 receptors and offering side effects. The other ones currently on the market have minimal effect on B1 receptors, although some studies show that they can cause an increased heart rate, increased blood pressure, and EKG changes in some individuals (although this is rare, it should be considered). The recommended dose of albuterol is 2 puffs every 4-6 ours. Studies seem to suggest that the medicine is safe for use in emergencies even at high doses, although the chronic use of high doses (using more than 6 times a day) may cause a decrease in beta 2 adrenergic receptors. This may cause tachyphylaxis, resulting in the need for even higher doses just to obtain minimal results. Excessive use of albuterol is a clear indicator of the need to seek medical attention and for physicians to consider asthma controller medicines or a step-up treatment approach for those already using controller medicines. While initial studies showed levalbuterol to offer fewer side effects to albuterol, more recent studies show it can produce the same side effects, and is therefore not superior to but equal to albuterol in as a bronchodilator, although it costs more due to a current patent. SABA's may also lower potassium. To learn more check out our post, "[How Albuterol Lowers Potassium](http://respiratorytherapycave.blogspot.com/search?q=potassium)." * **Long-Acting Beta Agonists (LABA)**. These are beta agonists that last 12-24 hours. These include salmeterol and formoterol. These are rarely given alone for the treatment of asthma, although they remain viable options for asthma and COPD. For asthma, they are usually included in combination with an inhaled corticosteroid in inhalers like Advair, Symbicort, Dulera, and Breo. These are generally used as asthma controller or preventive medicine, and they must be taken every day to truly be effective. For COPD, they are considered a top-line option, although some studies seem to indicate that Spiriva alone offers improved lung function and reduction in the feeling of shortness of breath compared with LABA's alone. Formoterol in Symbicort and Dulera has a rapid onset and can open airways as fast as a SABA. Serevent in Advair opens airways in about 15 minutes.   **There are two groups of cholinergic receptors**.   * **Muscarinic Receptors**. Acetylcholine is attracted to them. When acetylcholine binds to them, this causes airways to narrow and mucus secretion to increase.  * **Nicotine**. I won't even go here. This is a discussion for another day.   **Anticholinergic/ Muscarinic Medicine**. These are medicines that are attracted to Muscarinic Receptors and thereby bind to them to prevent acetylcholine from binding to them. They are called anticholinergics because they block their effects by preventing them from binding to muscarinic receptors. Cholinergic stimulation has a primary effect on COPD, so anticholinergics are a top-line treatment for COPD. Studies seem to show that anticholinergics are equal in their bronchodilation effect for a patient with COPD compared to b2 agonists, and may even have a superior bronchodilation effect. Cholinergic stimulation has a secondary effect on asthma, so anticholinergics are a second-line treatment for asthma, although they remain an option worth trying for some with severe asthma.  Anticholinergic medicine cause bronchodilation, although do not decrease mucus secretion.     * **Short-Acting Anticholinergics**. They last 4-6 hours and are taken 4 times per day. Studies show they are helpful for treating acute asthma and COPD flare-ups. These include ipratropium bromide (Atrovent) and oxitropium bromide (not available in the U.S.).  * **Long-Acting Anticholinergics**. These last 24 hours. They include tiotropium bromide (Spiriva), glycopyrrolate, (Seebri), umeclidinium (Incruse), and aclidinium bromide (Ttudorza). Older medicines include [belladonna](http://asthmahistory.blogspot.com/2015/04/1500-bc-asthma-in-ancien-egypt-ebers.html), stramonium, and atropine. Anticholinergic medicine remains second-line options for asthma and top-line options for COPD. Studies show that tiotropium bromide is slightly more effective at improving lung function, improving the quality of life, and reducing COPD flare-ups, compared with short-acting anticholinergics. Studies also show it is better at opening airways than LABA's for COPD. Side effects are negligible, with the most common being dry mouth. Incruse and Tudorza are the newer LABA's and I will look into studies regarding them in the future.   There is a reason I listed the current medicines used and older medicines that are no longer used. This is because, over time, the molecules were adjusted to eliminate side effects and to increase the desired effect. Epinephrine, for instance, has a strong effect on α-1 leading to increased blood pressure, β-1 leading to increased heart rate and palpitations, and β-2 receptors leading to bronchodilation. So, while it opened airways, it also caused cardiac side effects along with tremors and nervousness. Ventolin, on the other hand, has a strong β-2 effect with a minimal effect on α-1 and β-1 receptors, meaning it has an equal bronchodilator effect to epinephrine with negligible side effects. Tremors and nervousness continue to be side effects, although these are acceptable tradeoffs to most asthmatics.    Another good example is atropine. It was isolated in [1833](http://asthmahistory.blogspot.com/2016/02/1833-atropine-discovered-as-active.html) as the active ingredient of stramonium and belladonna. By the late 19th century it was routinely recommended for the treatment of asthma. Giving atropine alone was an improvement over stramonium and belladonna, which also had a strong effect on the mind, similar to marijuana. Atrovent was a mild bronchodilator, although enhance the salivatory response in the mouth, causing oral dehydration. It may also cause tachycardia. It also dilated pupils if you ever splashed it into your eyes. Atropine was a top-line asthma medicine in the 1980's, only to be replaced by Atrovent in the early 1990's. Atrovent was formulated in a way that side effects are negligible, although it can cause a dry mouth by oral absorption (which is a good reason to rinse after each use). The nebulizer solution of Atrovent, if splashed, can cause pupil dilation. The formula was modulated again to create the long-acting anticholinergics Spiriva, Incruse and Tudorza.    So, there you have the basics of how the ANS affects the lungs and how it relates to the respiratory medicines. Any further questions, comments, or suggestion let me know in the comments below.    References:  1. Low, Philip, "Overview of the Autonomic Nervous System," Merck Manual, https://www.merckmanuals.com/home/brain,-spinal-cord,-and-nerve-disorders/autonomic-nervous-system-disorders/overview-of-the-autonomic-nervous-system, accessed 7/717 2. Golan, David E., et al., editors, "[Principles of Pharmacology](https://books.google.com/books?id=WM7rvNUcrdsC&amp;pg=PA827&amp;dq=adrenergic+receptors,+asthma&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiWv8iR2_fUAhXhxYMKHU63DlUQ6AEILTAB#v=onepage&amp;q=adrenergic%20receptors%2C%20asthma&amp;f=false)," 3rd Ed., 2012, Lippincott, pates 113, 827 3. Albert, Richard K., Stephen G. Spiro, James R. Jett, editors, "[Clinical Respiratory Medicine](http://rc.rcjournal.com/content/62/7/882?etoc=)," 3rd ed., 2008, MosbyElsevier, pages 524-526
8y4575,10011,10023,ADR,palpitations,spiriva,spiriva,Pharmacology 101: Beta Agonists, Anticholinergics And How They They Impact The Autonomic Nervous System  How is it that respiratory medicines work? If your a respiratory therapist like me, a quick review is always helpful. If you're a patient, it might be neat to learn how the medicines you have in your medicine cabinet work. So, here is a quick review. Today's focus will be on beta-adrenergic medicine like albuterol and anticholinergic medicine like Spiriva.     For starters, these types of medicines have some impact on the autonomic nervous system.     **What is the autonomic nervous (ANS) system?** It's the system that contains all the nerves, neurons, and neurotransmitters that control all your inner organs, including your heart, blood vessels, and lungs.   It also controls other organs, but for our purposes, we'll limit our discussion to these three.     The ANS responds to your internal and external environment by releasing certain chemicals (we'll get to these in a moment) that bind to receptor sites (we'll get to these in a moment too) on specific organs to tell them what to do. It contains two parts.     1. **Sympathetic Nervous System (SNS)**. It stimulates your organs to respond to emergency situations. It essentially stimulates what is often referred to as the "flight or fight" response.  2. **Parasympathetic Nervous System (PNS)**. It inhibits (or shuts off) the SNS response. It returns your body systems back to normal status and controls these organs during normal, ordinary circumstances.   Here are some of the bodily responses the ANS controls that we need to be concerned with.   * **Blood Pressure**.     * SNS: Narrows blood vessels to speed up the flow of blood to increase blood pressure    * PNS: Dilates blood vessels to slow the flow of blood to decrease blood pressure.  * **Heart Rate**.    * SNS: Speeds up the rate and force to pump blood through narrowed vessels.    * PNS: Slows it down as less pressure is needed to pump blood through dilated vessels. * **Airways**:    * SNS: Dilates airways to make breathing free and easy.    * PNS: Constricts Airways to return them to normal.   Now we must delve into how the SNS affects these responses. To begin with, the ANS involves nerve cells that secrete neurotransmitters. There are two types of nerve cells, each of which secretes a neurotransmitter.   1. **Adrenergic**. These are nerve cells that secrete the neurotransmitter norepinephrine, which stimulates an SNS response and inhibits a PNS response.  2. **Cholinergic**. These are nerve cells that the neurotransmitter norepinephrine, which stimulates a PNS response and inhibits the SNS response.   Neurotransmitters are transmitted through neurons and are attracted to certain receptors that are attached to certain cells in specific organs. The receptors include...  1. **Adrenergic receptors**. These are receptors that norepinephrine is attracted to. Another neurotransmitter called epinephrine (adrenaline) is also attracted to them. Neurotransmitters attracted to them are called catecholamines. When a catecholamine binds to an adrenergic receptor, it stimulates some SNS response.  2. **Cholinergic receptors**. These are receptors that acetylcholine is attracted to. When acetylcholine binds to a cholinergic receptor, it stimulates some PNS response.   **There are two groups of adrenergic receptors**.   * **α (Alpha)**.     * **α-1-Adrenergic Receptors**. They line blood vessels and when stimulated by catecholamines this causes vasoconstriction.   * **β (Beta) Receptors**.     * **β-1 Adrenergic Receptors**. They line heart muscle tissue and are attracted to catecholamines, which cause an increase in rate and force of the heart to increase cardiac output. This is needed to create the needed pressure to pump blood through narrowed arteries. The purpose of these combined effects is to assure tissues receive adequate oxygenation during a stressful event.     * **β-2 Adrenergic Receptors**. They line airway smooth muscles (from the trachea to terminal bronchioles). They are attracted to catecholamines, which cause bronchodilation to open airways.   **Sympathomimetic Medicine**. These are medicines that are attracted to adrenergic receptors. They mimic catecholamine and include.  * S**hort-Acting Beta Agonists (SABA)**. These are medicines that are attracted to B2 receptors to relax bronchiolar smooth muscles to dilate (open) airways within minutes and only last 4-8 hours. They are non-specific to B1 and B2 receptors, and therefore offer negligible side effects. These include epinephrine (Adrenaline), albuterol (Ventolin, ProAir, Proventil), and levalbuterol (Xopenex). Some SABAs that are no longer used include Isoproterenol (isoprenaline), terbutaline, ephedrine ([Ma-huang](http://asthmahistory.blogspot.com/2014/11/2838-chinese-discover-worlds-best.html)), and Metaproterenol (Alupent). These are also referred to as rescue medicine because they open airways relatively fast. As a general rule, most experts recommend all asthmatics and COPD patients have it nearby at all times. Epinephrine has the greatest risk for stimulating B1, B2, and A1 receptors and offering side effects. The other ones currently on the market have minimal effect on B1 receptors, although some studies show that they can cause an increased heart rate, increased blood pressure, and EKG changes in some individuals (although this is rare, it should be considered). The recommended dose of albuterol is 2 puffs every 4-6 ours. Studies seem to suggest that the medicine is safe for use in emergencies even at high doses, although the chronic use of high doses (using more than 6 times a day) may cause a decrease in beta 2 adrenergic receptors. This may cause tachyphylaxis, resulting in the need for even higher doses just to obtain minimal results. Excessive use of albuterol is a clear indicator of the need to seek medical attention and for physicians to consider asthma controller medicines or a step-up treatment approach for those already using controller medicines. While initial studies showed levalbuterol to offer fewer side effects to albuterol, more recent studies show it can produce the same side effects, and is therefore not superior to but equal to albuterol in as a bronchodilator, although it costs more due to a current patent. SABA's may also lower potassium. To learn more check out our post, "[How Albuterol Lowers Potassium](http://respiratorytherapycave.blogspot.com/search?q=potassium)." * **Long-Acting Beta Agonists (LABA)**. These are beta agonists that last 12-24 hours. These include salmeterol and formoterol. These are rarely given alone for the treatment of asthma, although they remain viable options for asthma and COPD. For asthma, they are usually included in combination with an inhaled corticosteroid in inhalers like Advair, Symbicort, Dulera, and Breo. These are generally used as asthma controller or preventive medicine, and they must be taken every day to truly be effective. For COPD, they are considered a top-line option, although some studies seem to indicate that Spiriva alone offers improved lung function and reduction in the feeling of shortness of breath compared with LABA's alone. Formoterol in Symbicort and Dulera has a rapid onset and can open airways as fast as a SABA. Serevent in Advair opens airways in about 15 minutes.   **There are two groups of cholinergic receptors**.   * **Muscarinic Receptors**. Acetylcholine is attracted to them. When acetylcholine binds to them, this causes airways to narrow and mucus secretion to increase.  * **Nicotine**. I won't even go here. This is a discussion for another day.   **Anticholinergic/ Muscarinic Medicine**. These are medicines that are attracted to Muscarinic Receptors and thereby bind to them to prevent acetylcholine from binding to them. They are called anticholinergics because they block their effects by preventing them from binding to muscarinic receptors. Cholinergic stimulation has a primary effect on COPD, so anticholinergics are a top-line treatment for COPD. Studies seem to show that anticholinergics are equal in their bronchodilation effect for a patient with COPD compared to b2 agonists, and may even have a superior bronchodilation effect. Cholinergic stimulation has a secondary effect on asthma, so anticholinergics are a second-line treatment for asthma, although they remain an option worth trying for some with severe asthma.  Anticholinergic medicine cause bronchodilation, although do not decrease mucus secretion.     * **Short-Acting Anticholinergics**. They last 4-6 hours and are taken 4 times per day. Studies show they are helpful for treating acute asthma and COPD flare-ups. These include ipratropium bromide (Atrovent) and oxitropium bromide (not available in the U.S.).  * **Long-Acting Anticholinergics**. These last 24 hours. They include tiotropium bromide (Spiriva), glycopyrrolate, (Seebri), umeclidinium (Incruse), and aclidinium bromide (Ttudorza). Older medicines include [belladonna](http://asthmahistory.blogspot.com/2015/04/1500-bc-asthma-in-ancien-egypt-ebers.html), stramonium, and atropine. Anticholinergic medicine remains second-line options for asthma and top-line options for COPD. Studies show that tiotropium bromide is slightly more effective at improving lung function, improving the quality of life, and reducing COPD flare-ups, compared with short-acting anticholinergics. Studies also show it is better at opening airways than LABA's for COPD. Side effects are negligible, with the most common being dry mouth. Incruse and Tudorza are the newer LABA's and I will look into studies regarding them in the future.   There is a reason I listed the current medicines used and older medicines that are no longer used. This is because, over time, the molecules were adjusted to eliminate side effects and to increase the desired effect. Epinephrine, for instance, has a strong effect on α-1 leading to increased blood pressure, β-1 leading to increased heart rate and palpitations, and β-2 receptors leading to bronchodilation. So, while it opened airways, it also caused cardiac side effects along with tremors and nervousness. Ventolin, on the other hand, has a strong β-2 effect with a minimal effect on α-1 and β-1 receptors, meaning it has an equal bronchodilator effect to epinephrine with negligible side effects. Tremors and nervousness continue to be side effects, although these are acceptable tradeoffs to most asthmatics.    Another good example is atropine. It was isolated in [1833](http://asthmahistory.blogspot.com/2016/02/1833-atropine-discovered-as-active.html) as the active ingredient of stramonium and belladonna. By the late 19th century it was routinely recommended for the treatment of asthma. Giving atropine alone was an improvement over stramonium and belladonna, which also had a strong effect on the mind, similar to marijuana. Atrovent was a mild bronchodilator, although enhance the salivatory response in the mouth, causing oral dehydration. It may also cause tachycardia. It also dilated pupils if you ever splashed it into your eyes. Atropine was a top-line asthma medicine in the 1980's, only to be replaced by Atrovent in the early 1990's. Atrovent was formulated in a way that side effects are negligible, although it can cause a dry mouth by oral absorption (which is a good reason to rinse after each use). The nebulizer solution of Atrovent, if splashed, can cause pupil dilation. The formula was modulated again to create the long-acting anticholinergics Spiriva, Incruse and Tudorza.    So, there you have the basics of how the ANS affects the lungs and how it relates to the respiratory medicines. Any further questions, comments, or suggestion let me know in the comments below.    References:  1. Low, Philip, "Overview of the Autonomic Nervous System," Merck Manual, https://www.merckmanuals.com/home/brain,-spinal-cord,-and-nerve-disorders/autonomic-nervous-system-disorders/overview-of-the-autonomic-nervous-system, accessed 7/717 2. Golan, David E., et al., editors, "[Principles of Pharmacology](https://books.google.com/books?id=WM7rvNUcrdsC&amp;pg=PA827&amp;dq=adrenergic+receptors,+asthma&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiWv8iR2_fUAhXhxYMKHU63DlUQ6AEILTAB#v=onepage&amp;q=adrenergic%20receptors%2C%20asthma&amp;f=false)," 3rd Ed., 2012, Lippincott, pates 113, 827 3. Albert, Richard K., Stephen G. Spiro, James R. Jett, editors, "[Clinical Respiratory Medicine](http://rc.rcjournal.com/content/62/7/882?etoc=)," 3rd ed., 2008, MosbyElsevier, pages 524-526
8y4575,11004,11015,ADR,dehydration,spiriva,spiriva,Pharmacology 101: Beta Agonists, Anticholinergics And How They They Impact The Autonomic Nervous System  How is it that respiratory medicines work? If your a respiratory therapist like me, a quick review is always helpful. If you're a patient, it might be neat to learn how the medicines you have in your medicine cabinet work. So, here is a quick review. Today's focus will be on beta-adrenergic medicine like albuterol and anticholinergic medicine like Spiriva.     For starters, these types of medicines have some impact on the autonomic nervous system.     **What is the autonomic nervous (ANS) system?** It's the system that contains all the nerves, neurons, and neurotransmitters that control all your inner organs, including your heart, blood vessels, and lungs.   It also controls other organs, but for our purposes, we'll limit our discussion to these three.     The ANS responds to your internal and external environment by releasing certain chemicals (we'll get to these in a moment) that bind to receptor sites (we'll get to these in a moment too) on specific organs to tell them what to do. It contains two parts.     1. **Sympathetic Nervous System (SNS)**. It stimulates your organs to respond to emergency situations. It essentially stimulates what is often referred to as the "flight or fight" response.  2. **Parasympathetic Nervous System (PNS)**. It inhibits (or shuts off) the SNS response. It returns your body systems back to normal status and controls these organs during normal, ordinary circumstances.   Here are some of the bodily responses the ANS controls that we need to be concerned with.   * **Blood Pressure**.     * SNS: Narrows blood vessels to speed up the flow of blood to increase blood pressure    * PNS: Dilates blood vessels to slow the flow of blood to decrease blood pressure.  * **Heart Rate**.    * SNS: Speeds up the rate and force to pump blood through narrowed vessels.    * PNS: Slows it down as less pressure is needed to pump blood through dilated vessels. * **Airways**:    * SNS: Dilates airways to make breathing free and easy.    * PNS: Constricts Airways to return them to normal.   Now we must delve into how the SNS affects these responses. To begin with, the ANS involves nerve cells that secrete neurotransmitters. There are two types of nerve cells, each of which secretes a neurotransmitter.   1. **Adrenergic**. These are nerve cells that secrete the neurotransmitter norepinephrine, which stimulates an SNS response and inhibits a PNS response.  2. **Cholinergic**. These are nerve cells that the neurotransmitter norepinephrine, which stimulates a PNS response and inhibits the SNS response.   Neurotransmitters are transmitted through neurons and are attracted to certain receptors that are attached to certain cells in specific organs. The receptors include...  1. **Adrenergic receptors**. These are receptors that norepinephrine is attracted to. Another neurotransmitter called epinephrine (adrenaline) is also attracted to them. Neurotransmitters attracted to them are called catecholamines. When a catecholamine binds to an adrenergic receptor, it stimulates some SNS response.  2. **Cholinergic receptors**. These are receptors that acetylcholine is attracted to. When acetylcholine binds to a cholinergic receptor, it stimulates some PNS response.   **There are two groups of adrenergic receptors**.   * **α (Alpha)**.     * **α-1-Adrenergic Receptors**. They line blood vessels and when stimulated by catecholamines this causes vasoconstriction.   * **β (Beta) Receptors**.     * **β-1 Adrenergic Receptors**. They line heart muscle tissue and are attracted to catecholamines, which cause an increase in rate and force of the heart to increase cardiac output. This is needed to create the needed pressure to pump blood through narrowed arteries. The purpose of these combined effects is to assure tissues receive adequate oxygenation during a stressful event.     * **β-2 Adrenergic Receptors**. They line airway smooth muscles (from the trachea to terminal bronchioles). They are attracted to catecholamines, which cause bronchodilation to open airways.   **Sympathomimetic Medicine**. These are medicines that are attracted to adrenergic receptors. They mimic catecholamine and include.  * S**hort-Acting Beta Agonists (SABA)**. These are medicines that are attracted to B2 receptors to relax bronchiolar smooth muscles to dilate (open) airways within minutes and only last 4-8 hours. They are non-specific to B1 and B2 receptors, and therefore offer negligible side effects. These include epinephrine (Adrenaline), albuterol (Ventolin, ProAir, Proventil), and levalbuterol (Xopenex). Some SABAs that are no longer used include Isoproterenol (isoprenaline), terbutaline, ephedrine ([Ma-huang](http://asthmahistory.blogspot.com/2014/11/2838-chinese-discover-worlds-best.html)), and Metaproterenol (Alupent). These are also referred to as rescue medicine because they open airways relatively fast. As a general rule, most experts recommend all asthmatics and COPD patients have it nearby at all times. Epinephrine has the greatest risk for stimulating B1, B2, and A1 receptors and offering side effects. The other ones currently on the market have minimal effect on B1 receptors, although some studies show that they can cause an increased heart rate, increased blood pressure, and EKG changes in some individuals (although this is rare, it should be considered). The recommended dose of albuterol is 2 puffs every 4-6 ours. Studies seem to suggest that the medicine is safe for use in emergencies even at high doses, although the chronic use of high doses (using more than 6 times a day) may cause a decrease in beta 2 adrenergic receptors. This may cause tachyphylaxis, resulting in the need for even higher doses just to obtain minimal results. Excessive use of albuterol is a clear indicator of the need to seek medical attention and for physicians to consider asthma controller medicines or a step-up treatment approach for those already using controller medicines. While initial studies showed levalbuterol to offer fewer side effects to albuterol, more recent studies show it can produce the same side effects, and is therefore not superior to but equal to albuterol in as a bronchodilator, although it costs more due to a current patent. SABA's may also lower potassium. To learn more check out our post, "[How Albuterol Lowers Potassium](http://respiratorytherapycave.blogspot.com/search?q=potassium)." * **Long-Acting Beta Agonists (LABA)**. These are beta agonists that last 12-24 hours. These include salmeterol and formoterol. These are rarely given alone for the treatment of asthma, although they remain viable options for asthma and COPD. For asthma, they are usually included in combination with an inhaled corticosteroid in inhalers like Advair, Symbicort, Dulera, and Breo. These are generally used as asthma controller or preventive medicine, and they must be taken every day to truly be effective. For COPD, they are considered a top-line option, although some studies seem to indicate that Spiriva alone offers improved lung function and reduction in the feeling of shortness of breath compared with LABA's alone. Formoterol in Symbicort and Dulera has a rapid onset and can open airways as fast as a SABA. Serevent in Advair opens airways in about 15 minutes.   **There are two groups of cholinergic receptors**.   * **Muscarinic Receptors**. Acetylcholine is attracted to them. When acetylcholine binds to them, this causes airways to narrow and mucus secretion to increase.  * **Nicotine**. I won't even go here. This is a discussion for another day.   **Anticholinergic/ Muscarinic Medicine**. These are medicines that are attracted to Muscarinic Receptors and thereby bind to them to prevent acetylcholine from binding to them. They are called anticholinergics because they block their effects by preventing them from binding to muscarinic receptors. Cholinergic stimulation has a primary effect on COPD, so anticholinergics are a top-line treatment for COPD. Studies seem to show that anticholinergics are equal in their bronchodilation effect for a patient with COPD compared to b2 agonists, and may even have a superior bronchodilation effect. Cholinergic stimulation has a secondary effect on asthma, so anticholinergics are a second-line treatment for asthma, although they remain an option worth trying for some with severe asthma.  Anticholinergic medicine cause bronchodilation, although do not decrease mucus secretion.     * **Short-Acting Anticholinergics**. They last 4-6 hours and are taken 4 times per day. Studies show they are helpful for treating acute asthma and COPD flare-ups. These include ipratropium bromide (Atrovent) and oxitropium bromide (not available in the U.S.).  * **Long-Acting Anticholinergics**. These last 24 hours. They include tiotropium bromide (Spiriva), glycopyrrolate, (Seebri), umeclidinium (Incruse), and aclidinium bromide (Ttudorza). Older medicines include [belladonna](http://asthmahistory.blogspot.com/2015/04/1500-bc-asthma-in-ancien-egypt-ebers.html), stramonium, and atropine. Anticholinergic medicine remains second-line options for asthma and top-line options for COPD. Studies show that tiotropium bromide is slightly more effective at improving lung function, improving the quality of life, and reducing COPD flare-ups, compared with short-acting anticholinergics. Studies also show it is better at opening airways than LABA's for COPD. Side effects are negligible, with the most common being dry mouth. Incruse and Tudorza are the newer LABA's and I will look into studies regarding them in the future.   There is a reason I listed the current medicines used and older medicines that are no longer used. This is because, over time, the molecules were adjusted to eliminate side effects and to increase the desired effect. Epinephrine, for instance, has a strong effect on α-1 leading to increased blood pressure, β-1 leading to increased heart rate and palpitations, and β-2 receptors leading to bronchodilation. So, while it opened airways, it also caused cardiac side effects along with tremors and nervousness. Ventolin, on the other hand, has a strong β-2 effect with a minimal effect on α-1 and β-1 receptors, meaning it has an equal bronchodilator effect to epinephrine with negligible side effects. Tremors and nervousness continue to be side effects, although these are acceptable tradeoffs to most asthmatics.    Another good example is atropine. It was isolated in [1833](http://asthmahistory.blogspot.com/2016/02/1833-atropine-discovered-as-active.html) as the active ingredient of stramonium and belladonna. By the late 19th century it was routinely recommended for the treatment of asthma. Giving atropine alone was an improvement over stramonium and belladonna, which also had a strong effect on the mind, similar to marijuana. Atrovent was a mild bronchodilator, although enhance the salivatory response in the mouth, causing oral dehydration. It may also cause tachycardia. It also dilated pupils if you ever splashed it into your eyes. Atropine was a top-line asthma medicine in the 1980's, only to be replaced by Atrovent in the early 1990's. Atrovent was formulated in a way that side effects are negligible, although it can cause a dry mouth by oral absorption (which is a good reason to rinse after each use). The nebulizer solution of Atrovent, if splashed, can cause pupil dilation. The formula was modulated again to create the long-acting anticholinergics Spiriva, Incruse and Tudorza.    So, there you have the basics of how the ANS affects the lungs and how it relates to the respiratory medicines. Any further questions, comments, or suggestion let me know in the comments below.    References:  1. Low, Philip, "Overview of the Autonomic Nervous System," Merck Manual, https://www.merckmanuals.com/home/brain,-spinal-cord,-and-nerve-disorders/autonomic-nervous-system-disorders/overview-of-the-autonomic-nervous-system, accessed 7/717 2. Golan, David E., et al., editors, "[Principles of Pharmacology](https://books.google.com/books?id=WM7rvNUcrdsC&amp;pg=PA827&amp;dq=adrenergic+receptors,+asthma&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiWv8iR2_fUAhXhxYMKHU63DlUQ6AEILTAB#v=onepage&amp;q=adrenergic%20receptors%2C%20asthma&amp;f=false)," 3rd Ed., 2012, Lippincott, pates 113, 827 3. Albert, Richard K., Stephen G. Spiro, James R. Jett, editors, "[Clinical Respiratory Medicine](http://rc.rcjournal.com/content/62/7/882?etoc=)," 3rd ed., 2008, MosbyElsevier, pages 524-526
8zx9xe,592,598,ADR,nausea,seroquel,seroquel,Smoking weed as someone with Bipolar hey i'm pretty new to this community and i haven't come across anyone talking about this so i thought i'd ask.  just for some context, i used to smoke weed daily for about 4 or 5 years. through out that time i've been seeing psychologist but never took any medication for major depressive disorder. about a year and a half ago i started treatment for depression with things like zelax, remeron and more recently seroquel 50mg. 2 or 3 months ago, i got my first bipolar 2 diagnoses and was prescribed 400mg of lithium.  now as soon as i got on lithium the nausea started and the depression was setting back in as i weened off the antidepressants. after a month i got on 800mg and the nausea began getting unbearable and the depression was back 150%.  i smoke weed now, here n there to help alleviate these symptoms. the psychiatrist says it interferes with the lithium in a very bad way and will make things worse. but it helps so much with the physical pain and the nausea and the headaches and the tremors. on top of that, it makes life bearable on an emotional level too. im not constantly baraded by a negative self defeatist inner monolog, it's more of logical supportive voice. and i'm not stuck in the past as much. way better at pulling myself out of painful memories and back into the real world.  does anyone have any experiences like this? do you think i should keep smoking or should i take my doc's advice? from what im seeing online it seems to be a bad idea to mix the two.
8zx9xe,388,398,ADR,depression,seroquel,seroquel,Smoking weed as someone with Bipolar hey i'm pretty new to this community and i haven't come across anyone talking about this so i thought i'd ask.  just for some context, i used to smoke weed daily for about 4 or 5 years. through out that time i've been seeing psychologist but never took any medication for major depressive disorder. about a year and a half ago i started treatment for depression with things like zelax, remeron and more recently seroquel 50mg. 2 or 3 months ago, i got my first bipolar 2 diagnoses and was prescribed 400mg of lithium.  now as soon as i got on lithium the nausea started and the depression was setting back in as i weened off the antidepressants. after a month i got on 800mg and the nausea began getting unbearable and the depression was back 150%.  i smoke weed now, here n there to help alleviate these symptoms. the psychiatrist says it interferes with the lithium in a very bad way and will make things worse. but it helps so much with the physical pain and the nausea and the headaches and the tremors. on top of that, it makes life bearable on an emotional level too. im not constantly baraded by a negative self defeatist inner monolog, it's more of logical supportive voice. and i'm not stuck in the past as much. way better at pulling myself out of painful memories and back into the real world.  does anyone have any experiences like this? do you think i should keep smoking or should i take my doc's advice? from what im seeing online it seems to be a bad idea to mix the two.
8zx9xe,1018,1027,ADR,headaches,seroquel,seroquel,Smoking weed as someone with Bipolar hey i'm pretty new to this community and i haven't come across anyone talking about this so i thought i'd ask.  just for some context, i used to smoke weed daily for about 4 or 5 years. through out that time i've been seeing psychologist but never took any medication for major depressive disorder. about a year and a half ago i started treatment for depression with things like zelax, remeron and more recently seroquel 50mg. 2 or 3 months ago, i got my first bipolar 2 diagnoses and was prescribed 400mg of lithium.  now as soon as i got on lithium the nausea started and the depression was setting back in as i weened off the antidepressants. after a month i got on 800mg and the nausea began getting unbearable and the depression was back 150%.  i smoke weed now, here n there to help alleviate these symptoms. the psychiatrist says it interferes with the lithium in a very bad way and will make things worse. but it helps so much with the physical pain and the nausea and the headaches and the tremors. on top of that, it makes life bearable on an emotional level too. im not constantly baraded by a negative self defeatist inner monolog, it's more of logical supportive voice. and i'm not stuck in the past as much. way better at pulling myself out of painful memories and back into the real world.  does anyone have any experiences like this? do you think i should keep smoking or should i take my doc's advice? from what im seeing online it seems to be a bad idea to mix the two.
8zx9xe,1036,1043,ADR,tremors,seroquel,seroquel,Smoking weed as someone with Bipolar hey i'm pretty new to this community and i haven't come across anyone talking about this so i thought i'd ask.  just for some context, i used to smoke weed daily for about 4 or 5 years. through out that time i've been seeing psychologist but never took any medication for major depressive disorder. about a year and a half ago i started treatment for depression with things like zelax, remeron and more recently seroquel 50mg. 2 or 3 months ago, i got my first bipolar 2 diagnoses and was prescribed 400mg of lithium.  now as soon as i got on lithium the nausea started and the depression was setting back in as i weened off the antidepressants. after a month i got on 800mg and the nausea began getting unbearable and the depression was back 150%.  i smoke weed now, here n there to help alleviate these symptoms. the psychiatrist says it interferes with the lithium in a very bad way and will make things worse. but it helps so much with the physical pain and the nausea and the headaches and the tremors. on top of that, it makes life bearable on an emotional level too. im not constantly baraded by a negative self defeatist inner monolog, it's more of logical supportive voice. and i'm not stuck in the past as much. way better at pulling myself out of painful memories and back into the real world.  does anyone have any experiences like this? do you think i should keep smoking or should i take my doc's advice? from what im seeing online it seems to be a bad idea to mix the two.
8zx3lw,616,624,ADR,bad mood,seroquel,seroquel,2 Mixed episodes in less than 6 months. I thinks I'll lose my job. I had a mixed episode on March. I had a license for a week and the episode took two months to shut down, well...if it did. Now I have a mixed episode again and Im super agressive and totally unstable Everything can make me cry or yell. I want to die and at the same time I want to study so many things. I want to quit my job but at the same time I need it and I think they will cut me off.  I honestly want to go to bed until all this shit is over.  Im just taking klonopin and yesterday a psy of emergency gave me seroquel so Im like a zombie with bad mood.  Any idea?
8zui5h,23,31,ADR,dyslexia,seroquel,seroquel,Has anyone experienced dyslexia taking seroquel ? Doc prescribed me Seroquel because she thinks i have bipolar (i don’t quite agree but not like im the doctor). All im getting from it is sleeping for 12 hours, being tired most of the time and regularly mixing up letters and numbers which is something i have never experienced before. Have any of you had this happen?
8zqk3s,718,726,ADR,diarrhea,seroquel,seroquel,Seeking advice on lsd (I’m pretty set on trying it) 21 m. I have been going through the whole bipolar psychiatric experience. I am on the bipolar spectrum and relate most closely to bp2. I have not been stable in almost two years. I even tried ect which I was hopeful would work... but it didn’t. Most of these two years I have had long periods of “mild” depression after experiencing the initial awfulness. I was stable for three days after taking 300 mg of lithium interestingly enough. Then I was shot into more awfulness and disease. At my worst I have mixed states and ultradian rapid cycling. I love saying I have a symptom of “ultradian” something. It makes me feel like a badass. “About to have some ultradian diarrhea” lol. Anyways, marijuana has never treated me poorly and I am a semi-regular user. I do not drink alcohol, and I think if you do with bipolar disorder then you are dumb, just like some of you will think I am for trying lsd.   I recently got in touch with my deceased grandmother’s psychiatrist and was told the meds that my grandmother was stable on for a long period of time (lexapro and seroquel). I just started trying those medications to see if they will work. My hopes are not too high but we will see.   Those are the circumstances. If lsd could lift my depression for even a little like it does for some people, that would be magical. I would eat ultradian diarrhea if it meant I could be stable.
8zngut,1010,1015,ADR,foggy,seroquel,seroquel,There is only so much I can take My parents are dead I have no family or support system around me. I buried my best friend last week. I'm in and out of a toxic relationship because leases and toxic relationship are really hard to escape from. Especially when he doesn't want me to leave and wants to control every aspect of my life. Ironically enough he filed an assault charge on me b/c I wanted him to leave, and now I have to pay for an attorney, and go to court and try to convince a judge that I'm not guilty.  Recently totaled my brand new car, I don't have gap insurance and $3200 upside down on my loan.   I've been battling with depression for as long as I can remember, and since I became an adult I've been diagnosed as bi- polar as well.   To top it all off I got fired from my dream job last week. I've wanted this job for years and I finally got it. I was helping people and I've wanted to do that more than anything, and that made me feel better but I'm on a prescription cocktail that makes me foggy (Seroquel if you're familiar with it as well as some others) which hindered my performance and that got me fired.  My childhood was was me, my younger sister, my mom and my grandparents. My mom was born in Thailand and didn't even receive a middle school education but still managed to work 2 jobs to support us. My grandpa sexual abused me for years and when I was old enough to know that it was wrong I told my mom and she told the police, which gave my alcoholic physically abusive father custody of me and my sister. Even with that the court said that my dad made more money and was more financially suitable to raise us. I went from one abusive home to the next until my mom died from a blood clot to the brain a week after my 16th birthday and my dad committed suicide a year later. I don 't know how much more I can take. How much more am I supposed to suffer, I can't even remember what happiness feels like anymore. My mom was my everything I loved her more than anything in the world and when she died my reason for living died with her. It's now been 10 years without her and I don't know what to do. I have no job, no car, and basically no home... I feel like my entire life has been an effortless struggle to barely keep my breath above water. Now I actually feel myself drowning and I'm too tired to fight anymore.   I only see one way out... and when I try to talk about my feelings people tell me that I don't have any real problems or that I shouldn't be depressed or suicidal because and here's the kicker they think that I'm too pretty. So because people think I'm pretty I don't have any real problems, or I shouldn't complain. I should just shut up and smile and be thankful that I'm pretty and nothing else. But when I look into a mirror I'm disgusted with myself I can't stand myself my personality or how weak I am. I've hit rock bottom more times than I can count. My dad have broken my bones, men have raped me countless times, and I can't escape this life I want to leave. I can't take this anymore.  I know that this is a lot to read and if you actually read it thank you. I just wanted one person to know how I feel without seeing what I look like because apparently that a factor for some reason. I honestly don't know how much longer I'm going to be in this world but thank you for reading my story.  P.S. I'm an atheist if you do decide to comment please leave God out of it, I respect your choice to believe in what you want to but I just don't want to hear it. Thank You.
8zbgha,135,147,ADR,broken sleep,seroquel,seroquel,I just went on new medication and it really is helping. So I was taking 100 mg Seroquel and 200 mg Trazodone but still had issues with broken sleep, and nights where I hardly sleep at all. I went to my doctor and She decided to put me on Tamazapam 15 mg as well as the other pills I was taking.  The past 2 nights I have slept  9-10 hours each night and feel slightly sleepy, but fantastic the next day.  Hoping this keeps working for a good long while. So happy to be sleeping again.
8z2hhz,501,511,ADR,withdrawal,seroquel,seroquel,off my antidepressants and my brain fog is so. much. better. I've always been a big proponent of antidepressants and they have helped me through some really dark times of isolation because of my fatigue. I'm going through the motions of getting diagnosed right now and I'm getting retested for Narcolepsy at the end of the month (last time I was on Seroquel which supresses REM). I have to be off my antidepressants for two weeks before the test. I weened for a few weeks and then had about a week of withdrawal symptoms when I stopped, but once those cleared away, CHRIST.      I'm more creative than I've been, can think and read faster, and my speech is so much clearer (less garbled, word slurring, etc). It's wonderful. My brains hit a gear that's been missing for a few years, but my body can't keep up with it :/. Still exhausted in every other way.      Right now I'm in a good headspace, but we'll see how things go with my mood going forward. I'm going to try to stay off them after my test. Either way, I just wanted to share as I'm sure a lot of other CFSers take antidepressants.
8z0m8q,67,75,ADR,insomnia,seroquel,seroquel,Going on another 38 hours no sleep in a week, need some advice. My insomnia came suddenly, and viciously toward the end of May. It has continued to become worse and worse as time has gone on. Currently I'm at hour 38, having slept 12 hours with another 38 hours awake before that. This time, nothing is working. I have taken every drug I've been prescribed. Ativan, Trazodone, Gabapentin, Seroquel, and absolutely nothing is touching this one. I am just utterly fried, drugged up, and exhausted. When I lay down, it's like my mind won't fall into those dream-like scenarios that usually guide it to sleep. It's like when my eyes are closed I'm just staring at a black wall and nothing is happening, for hours. I never get sleepy, I never start to fade out.  I am losing hope and don't know what to do. Any advice would be seriously appreciated.
8z0m8q,485,494,ADR,exhausted,seroquel,seroquel,Going on another 38 hours no sleep in a week, need some advice. My insomnia came suddenly, and viciously toward the end of May. It has continued to become worse and worse as time has gone on. Currently I'm at hour 38, having slept 12 hours with another 38 hours awake before that. This time, nothing is working. I have taken every drug I've been prescribed. Ativan, Trazodone, Gabapentin, Seroquel, and absolutely nothing is touching this one. I am just utterly fried, drugged up, and exhausted. When I lay down, it's like my mind won't fall into those dream-like scenarios that usually guide it to sleep. It's like when my eyes are closed I'm just staring at a black wall and nothing is happening, for hours. I never get sleepy, I never start to fade out.  I am losing hope and don't know what to do. Any advice would be seriously appreciated.
8yyudv,443,452,ADR,tolerance,seroquel,seroquel,Can I mix soma and Xanax safely? Wanna try soma but on a benzo script Okay so I’ve managed to find a plug for somas which is pretty sick since I haven’t seen them in years. Problem is I take about 2-2.5 mg of Xanax a day. I have a prescription along with seroquel and lithium (bipolar disorder). So I can’t just skip a dose of the Xanax without feeling shitty as I’ve been on it for years. It’s medicinal and I do need it.   I assume my benzo tolerance is pretty high after all this time. I’m wondering if I can pop a soma or two without any real danger. I take the Xanax in .5 mg tablets 4 times a day so I should only be on .5 when the somas are in my system. Would .5mg of Xanax and one soma be safe?  Not sure where it falls since it’s not an opiate or benzo.  Thanks!
8yvwkk,331,345,ADR,gaining weight,seroquel,seroquel,I am completely undatable, red flags everywhere. I coming to terms with this I am a 29-year-old female, and I have never been in a relationship for longer than a year. But that was hardly a relationship. The only one longer than four months was more of an arrangement, to be honest. I used to be stereotypically attractive, before gaining weight due to antidepressants. But even when I was at my peak physical shape, I was still used and tossed aside repeatedly.   No person I have ever loved has ever loved me back... while everyone else has been dating for years, getting engaged, married, kids, etc. I have had my heart broken so many times, I stopped trying to date someone I have feelings for...over three years ago after a rough time. I just can't go through the heartache of being rejected again. But I cannot blame those who reject me. To be fair, I'm not exactly the prize one can expect me to be. I am bisexual, but no women I have liked have ever liked me back either. Still, I cannot blame anyone. Here is why:  1. I have bipolar disorder. Despite attempting 10+ years of therapy and trying over two dozen antidepressants, plus seeing many many doctors, I have come to the realization that nothing works on me. I have not responded well to anything, but Seroquel, which made things substantially worse.  2. Due to the medications and extended depressed episodes, I have gained 50 pounds within 6 months. I am only 5'3", so this is a huge amount for my size. I used to be pretty, but my looks are gone already. I'm not even 30, and I'm already ugly. I cannot fit into any of my clothes anymore. I have tried too many times to lose, but my metabolism is shot to shit. FUCK SEROQUEL!!!  3. I am an alcoholic. I drink to try to suppress my depression and anxiety, while contributing to my weight gain and obviously causing all sorts of problems. No one wants to deal with the issues of dating an alcoholic. I understand this. Doctors refuse to treat my anxiety, so I have turned to alcohol to treat my panic disorders. I need actual medication for my anxiety; despite many diagnoses, years of antidepressants not working, it doesn't matter. No one wants to help me.  4. I am a former sex worker. This fact is what really makes people run. I faced some unfortunate circumstances when I was younger, so I needed money quick. That being said, I started stripping at 20, then escorting at 23. Although I quit over two years ago and have passed every STI test I have taken since then, this does not matter. The fact I have worked in the industry in the first place either turns everyone off, or attracts broke people looking to mooch off of me. This too has happened too many times.  Like I said, I don't blame anyone for not wanting to be with me. I'm not saying or implying that anyone should look past these transgressions and love me for me, because I know that will not work. I don't want to burden anyone with my problems, but I am lonely as hell. I am simply undatable, and I will be lonely forever. I accept this and am trying to work through it.
8yvwkk,353,368,ADR,antidepressants,seroquel,seroquel,I am completely undatable, red flags everywhere. I coming to terms with this I am a 29-year-old female, and I have never been in a relationship for longer than a year. But that was hardly a relationship. The only one longer than four months was more of an arrangement, to be honest. I used to be stereotypically attractive, before gaining weight due to antidepressants. But even when I was at my peak physical shape, I was still used and tossed aside repeatedly.   No person I have ever loved has ever loved me back... while everyone else has been dating for years, getting engaged, married, kids, etc. I have had my heart broken so many times, I stopped trying to date someone I have feelings for...over three years ago after a rough time. I just can't go through the heartache of being rejected again. But I cannot blame those who reject me. To be fair, I'm not exactly the prize one can expect me to be. I am bisexual, but no women I have liked have ever liked me back either. Still, I cannot blame anyone. Here is why:  1. I have bipolar disorder. Despite attempting 10+ years of therapy and trying over two dozen antidepressants, plus seeing many many doctors, I have come to the realization that nothing works on me. I have not responded well to anything, but Seroquel, which made things substantially worse.  2. Due to the medications and extended depressed episodes, I have gained 50 pounds within 6 months. I am only 5'3", so this is a huge amount for my size. I used to be pretty, but my looks are gone already. I'm not even 30, and I'm already ugly. I cannot fit into any of my clothes anymore. I have tried too many times to lose, but my metabolism is shot to shit. FUCK SEROQUEL!!!  3. I am an alcoholic. I drink to try to suppress my depression and anxiety, while contributing to my weight gain and obviously causing all sorts of problems. No one wants to deal with the issues of dating an alcoholic. I understand this. Doctors refuse to treat my anxiety, so I have turned to alcohol to treat my panic disorders. I need actual medication for my anxiety; despite many diagnoses, years of antidepressants not working, it doesn't matter. No one wants to help me.  4. I am a former sex worker. This fact is what really makes people run. I faced some unfortunate circumstances when I was younger, so I needed money quick. That being said, I started stripping at 20, then escorting at 23. Although I quit over two years ago and have passed every STI test I have taken since then, this does not matter. The fact I have worked in the industry in the first place either turns everyone off, or attracts broke people looking to mooch off of me. This too has happened too many times.  Like I said, I don't blame anyone for not wanting to be with me. I'm not saying or implying that anyone should look past these transgressions and love me for me, because I know that will not work. I don't want to burden anyone with my problems, but I am lonely as hell. I am simply undatable, and I will be lonely forever. I accept this and am trying to work through it.
8yvcb6,260,269,ADR,irritable,seroquel,seroquel,Day 2 back on Seroquel (Question) I promise I won't be flooding the thread with updates everyday but today was so different than yesterday just starting back on Seroquel 100mg. I tossed and turned most of the night, not sure how long I actually slept. Woke up irritable, my mind was so murky and I was panicking to find out what time it was so I nearly flipped my room upside down looking for my phone but it was on my bed the whole time. Got a couple cups of coffee with a little milk and honey in me now and I'm feeling much better.  For those of you who take medications like Seroquel, Lithium and others that make you real groggy, what're some things you do to get up and around to keep from shuffling about?
8yvcb6,302,311,ADR,panicking,seroquel,seroquel,Day 2 back on Seroquel (Question) I promise I won't be flooding the thread with updates everyday but today was so different than yesterday just starting back on Seroquel 100mg. I tossed and turned most of the night, not sure how long I actually slept. Woke up irritable, my mind was so murky and I was panicking to find out what time it was so I nearly flipped my room upside down looking for my phone but it was on my bed the whole time. Got a couple cups of coffee with a little milk and honey in me now and I'm feeling much better.  For those of you who take medications like Seroquel, Lithium and others that make you real groggy, what're some things you do to get up and around to keep from shuffling about?
8yvcb6,627,633,ADR,groggy,seroquel,seroquel,Day 2 back on Seroquel (Question) I promise I won't be flooding the thread with updates everyday but today was so different than yesterday just starting back on Seroquel 100mg. I tossed and turned most of the night, not sure how long I actually slept. Woke up irritable, my mind was so murky and I was panicking to find out what time it was so I nearly flipped my room upside down looking for my phone but it was on my bed the whole time. Got a couple cups of coffee with a little milk and honey in me now and I'm feeling much better.  For those of you who take medications like Seroquel, Lithium and others that make you real groggy, what're some things you do to get up and around to keep from shuffling about?
8ytcj3,1375,1384,ADR,Psychosis,seroquel,seroquel,Auditory &amp; visual hallucinations - Questions Hey r/mentalhealth. I've never been on this subreddit before but I figured it'd be a good place to address an issuer I'm having...(before someone inevitably asks, I do see a psychiatrist regularly, however the only doc in my area covered by my insurance is not very helpful). I am having a relatively disquieting issue... figure i ought to give  a bit of background info before jumping on in. I've struggled with overeating and weight issues my entire life. I'm 19 right now(getting ready to graduate from college :) ) ... in high school I weighed around 370lbs at 6'4 ft tall, and I was taking mood stabilizers for bipolar I. no matter how much I exercised, what I ate, counting calories /carbs/fat content/etc... I just couldn't seem to shed weight. Being a virgin at 16 yrs and being the laughing stock of my friend group, I began crafting a certain stimulant with a fairly easy one-pot method and consuming it to supress appetite. My friends and family certainly did not approve, but I did manage to lose upwards of 83lbs in just four months. I willingly stopped taking the mood stabliser toi avoid putting any weight back on, and I remained at my newfound weight for a couple of years. Sadly, I could not muster the willpower to ditch the stims, and I eventually became very unhealthy &amp; fell to a NASTY case of Stim. Psychosis. I willingly enter rehab after my friends and family expressed their extreme concern, was put on seroquel, and constant lethargy/appetite increase resulted in my gaining almost all of the weight bavk. This series of events ruined my depression and my mood, although I wasn't whacked out on drugs, declined steadily from then until now. welp,  I am back on my bullsh*t. picked a much less neurotoxic and physically taxing stim to start taking  a little over three weeks ago, and although I have lost about 23lbs in a single month and counting(if you think that's not possible, it most certainly is), sleep has been next to IMPOSSIBLE and  am starting to hear muffled explosions all around my head &amp; I keep seeing my childhood cat(who has been deceased for many years). I am well aware that what I am doing is unconscionably stupid, &amp; i am not looking for pity or advice. I simply would like to know if this could possibly lead to another breakdown. I apologize for my incpherent sentence structure and if I sound bitter its because I am very tired.  TL;DR- I have history of mental health issues, and I am hearing muffled explosions &amp; ambient distant music as well as seeing my cat everywhere who died when I was quite young
8ytcj3,1505,1513,ADR,lethargy,seroquel,seroquel,Auditory &amp; visual hallucinations - Questions Hey r/mentalhealth. I've never been on this subreddit before but I figured it'd be a good place to address an issuer I'm having...(before someone inevitably asks, I do see a psychiatrist regularly, however the only doc in my area covered by my insurance is not very helpful). I am having a relatively disquieting issue... figure i ought to give  a bit of background info before jumping on in. I've struggled with overeating and weight issues my entire life. I'm 19 right now(getting ready to graduate from college :) ) ... in high school I weighed around 370lbs at 6'4 ft tall, and I was taking mood stabilizers for bipolar I. no matter how much I exercised, what I ate, counting calories /carbs/fat content/etc... I just couldn't seem to shed weight. Being a virgin at 16 yrs and being the laughing stock of my friend group, I began crafting a certain stimulant with a fairly easy one-pot method and consuming it to supress appetite. My friends and family certainly did not approve, but I did manage to lose upwards of 83lbs in just four months. I willingly stopped taking the mood stabliser toi avoid putting any weight back on, and I remained at my newfound weight for a couple of years. Sadly, I could not muster the willpower to ditch the stims, and I eventually became very unhealthy &amp; fell to a NASTY case of Stim. Psychosis. I willingly enter rehab after my friends and family expressed their extreme concern, was put on seroquel, and constant lethargy/appetite increase resulted in my gaining almost all of the weight bavk. This series of events ruined my depression and my mood, although I wasn't whacked out on drugs, declined steadily from then until now. welp,  I am back on my bullsh*t. picked a much less neurotoxic and physically taxing stim to start taking  a little over three weeks ago, and although I have lost about 23lbs in a single month and counting(if you think that's not possible, it most certainly is), sleep has been next to IMPOSSIBLE and  am starting to hear muffled explosions all around my head &amp; I keep seeing my childhood cat(who has been deceased for many years). I am well aware that what I am doing is unconscionably stupid, &amp; i am not looking for pity or advice. I simply would like to know if this could possibly lead to another breakdown. I apologize for my incpherent sentence structure and if I sound bitter its because I am very tired.  TL;DR- I have history of mental health issues, and I am hearing muffled explosions &amp; ambient distant music as well as seeing my cat everywhere who died when I was quite young
8ytcj3,1514,1531,ADR,appetite increase,seroquel,seroquel,Auditory &amp; visual hallucinations - Questions Hey r/mentalhealth. I've never been on this subreddit before but I figured it'd be a good place to address an issuer I'm having...(before someone inevitably asks, I do see a psychiatrist regularly, however the only doc in my area covered by my insurance is not very helpful). I am having a relatively disquieting issue... figure i ought to give  a bit of background info before jumping on in. I've struggled with overeating and weight issues my entire life. I'm 19 right now(getting ready to graduate from college :) ) ... in high school I weighed around 370lbs at 6'4 ft tall, and I was taking mood stabilizers for bipolar I. no matter how much I exercised, what I ate, counting calories /carbs/fat content/etc... I just couldn't seem to shed weight. Being a virgin at 16 yrs and being the laughing stock of my friend group, I began crafting a certain stimulant with a fairly easy one-pot method and consuming it to supress appetite. My friends and family certainly did not approve, but I did manage to lose upwards of 83lbs in just four months. I willingly stopped taking the mood stabliser toi avoid putting any weight back on, and I remained at my newfound weight for a couple of years. Sadly, I could not muster the willpower to ditch the stims, and I eventually became very unhealthy &amp; fell to a NASTY case of Stim. Psychosis. I willingly enter rehab after my friends and family expressed their extreme concern, was put on seroquel, and constant lethargy/appetite increase resulted in my gaining almost all of the weight bavk. This series of events ruined my depression and my mood, although I wasn't whacked out on drugs, declined steadily from then until now. welp,  I am back on my bullsh*t. picked a much less neurotoxic and physically taxing stim to start taking  a little over three weeks ago, and although I have lost about 23lbs in a single month and counting(if you think that's not possible, it most certainly is), sleep has been next to IMPOSSIBLE and  am starting to hear muffled explosions all around my head &amp; I keep seeing my childhood cat(who has been deceased for many years). I am well aware that what I am doing is unconscionably stupid, &amp; i am not looking for pity or advice. I simply would like to know if this could possibly lead to another breakdown. I apologize for my incpherent sentence structure and if I sound bitter its because I am very tired.  TL;DR- I have history of mental health issues, and I am hearing muffled explosions &amp; ambient distant music as well as seeing my cat everywhere who died when I was quite young
8ytcj3,1773,1783,ADR,neurotoxic,seroquel,seroquel,Auditory &amp; visual hallucinations - Questions Hey r/mentalhealth. I've never been on this subreddit before but I figured it'd be a good place to address an issuer I'm having...(before someone inevitably asks, I do see a psychiatrist regularly, however the only doc in my area covered by my insurance is not very helpful). I am having a relatively disquieting issue... figure i ought to give  a bit of background info before jumping on in. I've struggled with overeating and weight issues my entire life. I'm 19 right now(getting ready to graduate from college :) ) ... in high school I weighed around 370lbs at 6'4 ft tall, and I was taking mood stabilizers for bipolar I. no matter how much I exercised, what I ate, counting calories /carbs/fat content/etc... I just couldn't seem to shed weight. Being a virgin at 16 yrs and being the laughing stock of my friend group, I began crafting a certain stimulant with a fairly easy one-pot method and consuming it to supress appetite. My friends and family certainly did not approve, but I did manage to lose upwards of 83lbs in just four months. I willingly stopped taking the mood stabliser toi avoid putting any weight back on, and I remained at my newfound weight for a couple of years. Sadly, I could not muster the willpower to ditch the stims, and I eventually became very unhealthy &amp; fell to a NASTY case of Stim. Psychosis. I willingly enter rehab after my friends and family expressed their extreme concern, was put on seroquel, and constant lethargy/appetite increase resulted in my gaining almost all of the weight bavk. This series of events ruined my depression and my mood, although I wasn't whacked out on drugs, declined steadily from then until now. welp,  I am back on my bullsh*t. picked a much less neurotoxic and physically taxing stim to start taking  a little over three weeks ago, and although I have lost about 23lbs in a single month and counting(if you think that's not possible, it most certainly is), sleep has been next to IMPOSSIBLE and  am starting to hear muffled explosions all around my head &amp; I keep seeing my childhood cat(who has been deceased for many years). I am well aware that what I am doing is unconscionably stupid, &amp; i am not looking for pity or advice. I simply would like to know if this could possibly lead to another breakdown. I apologize for my incpherent sentence structure and if I sound bitter its because I am very tired.  TL;DR- I have history of mental health issues, and I am hearing muffled explosions &amp; ambient distant music as well as seeing my cat everywhere who died when I was quite young
8yt91w,148,153,ADR,tired,seroquel,seroquel,Seroquel and alcohol Hi all i am a relatively small lady,  130lb 5'4 and just put on seroquel 50mg going up to 100 mon but anyway it's made me very tired however right now im extremely drunk and due to take my nightly seroquel and i don't know if it's dangerous to take or not because i saw some scary stuff online. Any experiences?
8ysz14,275,283,ADR,delusion,seroquel,seroquel,I'm not sure if I am real. Dont know where else to post or ask. Diagnosed 2 years ago, on seroquel, prozac, beta blockers, and amitriptyline- as well as others.  Recently left therapy. Sorry if this is a dumb post. I keep convincing myself I'm not real and that my life is a delusion I am having. I havent skipped any meds at all, but the knowledge that my life is probably a psychotic day dream is horrible. I dont know how to prove to myself that I am real, and I am afraid to. Is this normal? Does anyone have any tips
8ysz14,376,385,ADR,psychotic,seroquel,seroquel,I'm not sure if I am real. Dont know where else to post or ask. Diagnosed 2 years ago, on seroquel, prozac, beta blockers, and amitriptyline- as well as others.  Recently left therapy. Sorry if this is a dumb post. I keep convincing myself I'm not real and that my life is a delusion I am having. I havent skipped any meds at all, but the knowledge that my life is probably a psychotic day dream is horrible. I dont know how to prove to myself that I am real, and I am afraid to. Is this normal? Does anyone have any tips
8yrubz,545,553,ADR,sweating,seroquel,seroquel,Not sure what do with positive staph aureus lab result 35/M/241 lbs/6'2"  Meds: Ativan, Valium, Paxil, Seroquel, Bisoprolol; currently using topical bactroban on a boil  A lot of this is that I have had a really hard time being able to see my PCP because he's so busy and has been on vacation a lot so everything is backed up. I've had two urgent care visits over the last couple of months and a single lab visit to his office but haven't actually seen him. So I have lab results but no one to interface with.  So earlier this summer I had been sweating like crazy, had a low grade fever (was measured as 100.8 in urgent care), just felt like my body had an infection in that my pulse was up (I have some sort of POTS-like symptoms that get worse when I have an infection).  The urgent care did a CBC that came back normal.  I went on a vacation and while I was there I was still hot and sweating all the time. Due to what is maybe a moral failing or maybe my mental illness, I barely ever brush my teeth. But on vacation I brushed my teeth for the first time in a long time. I mention that only in case it may be related.  I started getting a sore throat and I noticed getting spots all over my mouth. I get red spots all over that I thought maybe were herpes. I wasn't sure. I have never had any sexual activity. Never had a cold sore before. At the same time this happened I got a very painful sore inside my nostril. It felt like something was in my nose. I shouldn't have picked at it, but I did with a glove. This amber, crystal like stuff would come out, but whatever was actually there wouldn't budge. It like a scab that wouldn't come off. The stuff that came out looked like dried ooze of a scab.  So when I got back home from the vacation, I went to an urgent care doctor about the nose--by that time the red lesions in my mouth were gone but I had taken pictures.  I showed him the pictures and he said it was herpes. He did blood tests, but they were kind of weird (and I didn't know what he had tested until LabCorp sent me the results). He did an HSV-2 IGG test which was negative (I'm not sure why he ordered that since I've never had sexual contact and the lesions were all in my mouth and the thing in my nose). And he ordered a combo HSV-1/HSV-2 IGM which came back equivocal. I have since read the CDC does not recommend doing HSV IGM testing.  So I texted my PCP. The thing is that it's nearly impossible to see him for an appointment but if I text him with something actionable, he'll do it. Or if he said if he can reply in 2-3 words he'll write back. Otherwise he ignores the texts.  So I asked him to add the HSV-1 IGG which came back negative.  I still had this painful thing in my nose, so I asked if he could squeeze me in and he said only for a lab visit to swab it.  So the nurse swabbed it for HSV DNA and for staph and bacterial cultures. But I didn't actually talk to him.  Of course, the office never calls. I get the lab reports from LabCorp sent to my e-mail 7 days after the doctor gets them.  The lab report said HSV DNA tested negative but I had an abnormally high amount of staph aureus in my nose. It even gave a list of medications that this particular isolate is not resistant to.  So they've had this info for over a week but no one called me (no one ever calls from doctor's offices with lab results---thank god the labs send them out now).   So I can't get an appointment sooner, but I texted him because of these results and also because in the mean time I've been getting the mouth sores again, I've also gotten a finger where the cuticle pulled back on its own and it got puffy, and I got a boil on the small of my back.  So before I got the lab report I was self treating the finger and boil with bacitracin and it wasn't working. I had an old tube of Bactroban (still in date) that I started and it seems to be working on the boil a bit.  But I texted him to ask if I should be on one of these oral antibiotics that the lab report mentioned. The thing is that I don't still have that sore in my nose, but I'm still hot, sweaty, have headaches all the time, and my nose has been putting out a LOT more green boogers than usual (it comes dried instead of snot I think maybe because I'm on anticholinergic meds).  All he texted back was "Use bactrian" (it's not even bacitracin or bactroban) --I don't even know which he meant.  I sent more texts but he didn't write back.  I don't know if all this is related to my really poor oral hygiene. It seemed like the outbreak happened AFTER I brushed my teeth for the first time in probably months. But I don't know if it's that or not. I know I should brush my teeth but I have this fear of worsening whatever is going on and causing bacteremia since I know I'll bleed a lot. I've told him all of this but haven't gotten a response. I have an appt July 31.  I'm not a person who likes taking antibiotics or seeks them out. The last time I was on one was a very long time ago for an infected cyst on my back where I had to take it in order to have surgery on the cyst.  I'm just not sure where this staph aureus came from and if it's related to transfer from my poor oral hygiene to the nose, and if it's at all related to the boil and being hot and sweaty. Not sure if I should be on an antibiotic.  I really don't like going to Urgent Care because they tend to tell me I should be seeing my PCP instead. He's really, really, really nice, but he's just so overbooked, and then his vacation means that the office said they've triple booked him for weeks out now.  Do I sound like I need to be on an oral antibiotic?
8yrubz,582,587,ADR,fever,seroquel,seroquel,Not sure what do with positive staph aureus lab result 35/M/241 lbs/6'2"  Meds: Ativan, Valium, Paxil, Seroquel, Bisoprolol; currently using topical bactroban on a boil  A lot of this is that I have had a really hard time being able to see my PCP because he's so busy and has been on vacation a lot so everything is backed up. I've had two urgent care visits over the last couple of months and a single lab visit to his office but haven't actually seen him. So I have lab results but no one to interface with.  So earlier this summer I had been sweating like crazy, had a low grade fever (was measured as 100.8 in urgent care), just felt like my body had an infection in that my pulse was up (I have some sort of POTS-like symptoms that get worse when I have an infection).  The urgent care did a CBC that came back normal.  I went on a vacation and while I was there I was still hot and sweating all the time. Due to what is maybe a moral failing or maybe my mental illness, I barely ever brush my teeth. But on vacation I brushed my teeth for the first time in a long time. I mention that only in case it may be related.  I started getting a sore throat and I noticed getting spots all over my mouth. I get red spots all over that I thought maybe were herpes. I wasn't sure. I have never had any sexual activity. Never had a cold sore before. At the same time this happened I got a very painful sore inside my nostril. It felt like something was in my nose. I shouldn't have picked at it, but I did with a glove. This amber, crystal like stuff would come out, but whatever was actually there wouldn't budge. It like a scab that wouldn't come off. The stuff that came out looked like dried ooze of a scab.  So when I got back home from the vacation, I went to an urgent care doctor about the nose--by that time the red lesions in my mouth were gone but I had taken pictures.  I showed him the pictures and he said it was herpes. He did blood tests, but they were kind of weird (and I didn't know what he had tested until LabCorp sent me the results). He did an HSV-2 IGG test which was negative (I'm not sure why he ordered that since I've never had sexual contact and the lesions were all in my mouth and the thing in my nose). And he ordered a combo HSV-1/HSV-2 IGM which came back equivocal. I have since read the CDC does not recommend doing HSV IGM testing.  So I texted my PCP. The thing is that it's nearly impossible to see him for an appointment but if I text him with something actionable, he'll do it. Or if he said if he can reply in 2-3 words he'll write back. Otherwise he ignores the texts.  So I asked him to add the HSV-1 IGG which came back negative.  I still had this painful thing in my nose, so I asked if he could squeeze me in and he said only for a lab visit to swab it.  So the nurse swabbed it for HSV DNA and for staph and bacterial cultures. But I didn't actually talk to him.  Of course, the office never calls. I get the lab reports from LabCorp sent to my e-mail 7 days after the doctor gets them.  The lab report said HSV DNA tested negative but I had an abnormally high amount of staph aureus in my nose. It even gave a list of medications that this particular isolate is not resistant to.  So they've had this info for over a week but no one called me (no one ever calls from doctor's offices with lab results---thank god the labs send them out now).   So I can't get an appointment sooner, but I texted him because of these results and also because in the mean time I've been getting the mouth sores again, I've also gotten a finger where the cuticle pulled back on its own and it got puffy, and I got a boil on the small of my back.  So before I got the lab report I was self treating the finger and boil with bacitracin and it wasn't working. I had an old tube of Bactroban (still in date) that I started and it seems to be working on the boil a bit.  But I texted him to ask if I should be on one of these oral antibiotics that the lab report mentioned. The thing is that I don't still have that sore in my nose, but I'm still hot, sweaty, have headaches all the time, and my nose has been putting out a LOT more green boogers than usual (it comes dried instead of snot I think maybe because I'm on anticholinergic meds).  All he texted back was "Use bactrian" (it's not even bacitracin or bactroban) --I don't even know which he meant.  I sent more texts but he didn't write back.  I don't know if all this is related to my really poor oral hygiene. It seemed like the outbreak happened AFTER I brushed my teeth for the first time in probably months. But I don't know if it's that or not. I know I should brush my teeth but I have this fear of worsening whatever is going on and causing bacteremia since I know I'll bleed a lot. I've told him all of this but haven't gotten a response. I have an appt July 31.  I'm not a person who likes taking antibiotics or seeks them out. The last time I was on one was a very long time ago for an infected cyst on my back where I had to take it in order to have surgery on the cyst.  I'm just not sure where this staph aureus came from and if it's related to transfer from my poor oral hygiene to the nose, and if it's at all related to the boil and being hot and sweaty. Not sure if I should be on an antibiotic.  I really don't like going to Urgent Care because they tend to tell me I should be seeing my PCP instead. He's really, really, really nice, but he's just so overbooked, and then his vacation means that the office said they've triple booked him for weeks out now.  Do I sound like I need to be on an oral antibiotic?
8yrubz,1144,1155,ADR,sore throat,seroquel,seroquel,Not sure what do with positive staph aureus lab result 35/M/241 lbs/6'2"  Meds: Ativan, Valium, Paxil, Seroquel, Bisoprolol; currently using topical bactroban on a boil  A lot of this is that I have had a really hard time being able to see my PCP because he's so busy and has been on vacation a lot so everything is backed up. I've had two urgent care visits over the last couple of months and a single lab visit to his office but haven't actually seen him. So I have lab results but no one to interface with.  So earlier this summer I had been sweating like crazy, had a low grade fever (was measured as 100.8 in urgent care), just felt like my body had an infection in that my pulse was up (I have some sort of POTS-like symptoms that get worse when I have an infection).  The urgent care did a CBC that came back normal.  I went on a vacation and while I was there I was still hot and sweating all the time. Due to what is maybe a moral failing or maybe my mental illness, I barely ever brush my teeth. But on vacation I brushed my teeth for the first time in a long time. I mention that only in case it may be related.  I started getting a sore throat and I noticed getting spots all over my mouth. I get red spots all over that I thought maybe were herpes. I wasn't sure. I have never had any sexual activity. Never had a cold sore before. At the same time this happened I got a very painful sore inside my nostril. It felt like something was in my nose. I shouldn't have picked at it, but I did with a glove. This amber, crystal like stuff would come out, but whatever was actually there wouldn't budge. It like a scab that wouldn't come off. The stuff that came out looked like dried ooze of a scab.  So when I got back home from the vacation, I went to an urgent care doctor about the nose--by that time the red lesions in my mouth were gone but I had taken pictures.  I showed him the pictures and he said it was herpes. He did blood tests, but they were kind of weird (and I didn't know what he had tested until LabCorp sent me the results). He did an HSV-2 IGG test which was negative (I'm not sure why he ordered that since I've never had sexual contact and the lesions were all in my mouth and the thing in my nose). And he ordered a combo HSV-1/HSV-2 IGM which came back equivocal. I have since read the CDC does not recommend doing HSV IGM testing.  So I texted my PCP. The thing is that it's nearly impossible to see him for an appointment but if I text him with something actionable, he'll do it. Or if he said if he can reply in 2-3 words he'll write back. Otherwise he ignores the texts.  So I asked him to add the HSV-1 IGG which came back negative.  I still had this painful thing in my nose, so I asked if he could squeeze me in and he said only for a lab visit to swab it.  So the nurse swabbed it for HSV DNA and for staph and bacterial cultures. But I didn't actually talk to him.  Of course, the office never calls. I get the lab reports from LabCorp sent to my e-mail 7 days after the doctor gets them.  The lab report said HSV DNA tested negative but I had an abnormally high amount of staph aureus in my nose. It even gave a list of medications that this particular isolate is not resistant to.  So they've had this info for over a week but no one called me (no one ever calls from doctor's offices with lab results---thank god the labs send them out now).   So I can't get an appointment sooner, but I texted him because of these results and also because in the mean time I've been getting the mouth sores again, I've also gotten a finger where the cuticle pulled back on its own and it got puffy, and I got a boil on the small of my back.  So before I got the lab report I was self treating the finger and boil with bacitracin and it wasn't working. I had an old tube of Bactroban (still in date) that I started and it seems to be working on the boil a bit.  But I texted him to ask if I should be on one of these oral antibiotics that the lab report mentioned. The thing is that I don't still have that sore in my nose, but I'm still hot, sweaty, have headaches all the time, and my nose has been putting out a LOT more green boogers than usual (it comes dried instead of snot I think maybe because I'm on anticholinergic meds).  All he texted back was "Use bactrian" (it's not even bacitracin or bactroban) --I don't even know which he meant.  I sent more texts but he didn't write back.  I don't know if all this is related to my really poor oral hygiene. It seemed like the outbreak happened AFTER I brushed my teeth for the first time in probably months. But I don't know if it's that or not. I know I should brush my teeth but I have this fear of worsening whatever is going on and causing bacteremia since I know I'll bleed a lot. I've told him all of this but haven't gotten a response. I have an appt July 31.  I'm not a person who likes taking antibiotics or seeks them out. The last time I was on one was a very long time ago for an infected cyst on my back where I had to take it in order to have surgery on the cyst.  I'm just not sure where this staph aureus came from and if it's related to transfer from my poor oral hygiene to the nose, and if it's at all related to the boil and being hot and sweaty. Not sure if I should be on an antibiotic.  I really don't like going to Urgent Care because they tend to tell me I should be seeing my PCP instead. He's really, really, really nice, but he's just so overbooked, and then his vacation means that the office said they've triple booked him for weeks out now.  Do I sound like I need to be on an oral antibiotic?
8yrubz,1209,1218,ADR,red spots,seroquel,seroquel,Not sure what do with positive staph aureus lab result 35/M/241 lbs/6'2"  Meds: Ativan, Valium, Paxil, Seroquel, Bisoprolol; currently using topical bactroban on a boil  A lot of this is that I have had a really hard time being able to see my PCP because he's so busy and has been on vacation a lot so everything is backed up. I've had two urgent care visits over the last couple of months and a single lab visit to his office but haven't actually seen him. So I have lab results but no one to interface with.  So earlier this summer I had been sweating like crazy, had a low grade fever (was measured as 100.8 in urgent care), just felt like my body had an infection in that my pulse was up (I have some sort of POTS-like symptoms that get worse when I have an infection).  The urgent care did a CBC that came back normal.  I went on a vacation and while I was there I was still hot and sweating all the time. Due to what is maybe a moral failing or maybe my mental illness, I barely ever brush my teeth. But on vacation I brushed my teeth for the first time in a long time. I mention that only in case it may be related.  I started getting a sore throat and I noticed getting spots all over my mouth. I get red spots all over that I thought maybe were herpes. I wasn't sure. I have never had any sexual activity. Never had a cold sore before. At the same time this happened I got a very painful sore inside my nostril. It felt like something was in my nose. I shouldn't have picked at it, but I did with a glove. This amber, crystal like stuff would come out, but whatever was actually there wouldn't budge. It like a scab that wouldn't come off. The stuff that came out looked like dried ooze of a scab.  So when I got back home from the vacation, I went to an urgent care doctor about the nose--by that time the red lesions in my mouth were gone but I had taken pictures.  I showed him the pictures and he said it was herpes. He did blood tests, but they were kind of weird (and I didn't know what he had tested until LabCorp sent me the results). He did an HSV-2 IGG test which was negative (I'm not sure why he ordered that since I've never had sexual contact and the lesions were all in my mouth and the thing in my nose). And he ordered a combo HSV-1/HSV-2 IGM which came back equivocal. I have since read the CDC does not recommend doing HSV IGM testing.  So I texted my PCP. The thing is that it's nearly impossible to see him for an appointment but if I text him with something actionable, he'll do it. Or if he said if he can reply in 2-3 words he'll write back. Otherwise he ignores the texts.  So I asked him to add the HSV-1 IGG which came back negative.  I still had this painful thing in my nose, so I asked if he could squeeze me in and he said only for a lab visit to swab it.  So the nurse swabbed it for HSV DNA and for staph and bacterial cultures. But I didn't actually talk to him.  Of course, the office never calls. I get the lab reports from LabCorp sent to my e-mail 7 days after the doctor gets them.  The lab report said HSV DNA tested negative but I had an abnormally high amount of staph aureus in my nose. It even gave a list of medications that this particular isolate is not resistant to.  So they've had this info for over a week but no one called me (no one ever calls from doctor's offices with lab results---thank god the labs send them out now).   So I can't get an appointment sooner, but I texted him because of these results and also because in the mean time I've been getting the mouth sores again, I've also gotten a finger where the cuticle pulled back on its own and it got puffy, and I got a boil on the small of my back.  So before I got the lab report I was self treating the finger and boil with bacitracin and it wasn't working. I had an old tube of Bactroban (still in date) that I started and it seems to be working on the boil a bit.  But I texted him to ask if I should be on one of these oral antibiotics that the lab report mentioned. The thing is that I don't still have that sore in my nose, but I'm still hot, sweaty, have headaches all the time, and my nose has been putting out a LOT more green boogers than usual (it comes dried instead of snot I think maybe because I'm on anticholinergic meds).  All he texted back was "Use bactrian" (it's not even bacitracin or bactroban) --I don't even know which he meant.  I sent more texts but he didn't write back.  I don't know if all this is related to my really poor oral hygiene. It seemed like the outbreak happened AFTER I brushed my teeth for the first time in probably months. But I don't know if it's that or not. I know I should brush my teeth but I have this fear of worsening whatever is going on and causing bacteremia since I know I'll bleed a lot. I've told him all of this but haven't gotten a response. I have an appt July 31.  I'm not a person who likes taking antibiotics or seeks them out. The last time I was on one was a very long time ago for an infected cyst on my back where I had to take it in order to have surgery on the cyst.  I'm just not sure where this staph aureus came from and if it's related to transfer from my poor oral hygiene to the nose, and if it's at all related to the boil and being hot and sweaty. Not sure if I should be on an antibiotic.  I really don't like going to Urgent Care because they tend to tell me I should be seeing my PCP instead. He's really, really, really nice, but he's just so overbooked, and then his vacation means that the office said they've triple booked him for weeks out now.  Do I sound like I need to be on an oral antibiotic?
8yrubz,1327,1336,ADR,cold sore,seroquel,seroquel,Not sure what do with positive staph aureus lab result 35/M/241 lbs/6'2"  Meds: Ativan, Valium, Paxil, Seroquel, Bisoprolol; currently using topical bactroban on a boil  A lot of this is that I have had a really hard time being able to see my PCP because he's so busy and has been on vacation a lot so everything is backed up. I've had two urgent care visits over the last couple of months and a single lab visit to his office but haven't actually seen him. So I have lab results but no one to interface with.  So earlier this summer I had been sweating like crazy, had a low grade fever (was measured as 100.8 in urgent care), just felt like my body had an infection in that my pulse was up (I have some sort of POTS-like symptoms that get worse when I have an infection).  The urgent care did a CBC that came back normal.  I went on a vacation and while I was there I was still hot and sweating all the time. Due to what is maybe a moral failing or maybe my mental illness, I barely ever brush my teeth. But on vacation I brushed my teeth for the first time in a long time. I mention that only in case it may be related.  I started getting a sore throat and I noticed getting spots all over my mouth. I get red spots all over that I thought maybe were herpes. I wasn't sure. I have never had any sexual activity. Never had a cold sore before. At the same time this happened I got a very painful sore inside my nostril. It felt like something was in my nose. I shouldn't have picked at it, but I did with a glove. This amber, crystal like stuff would come out, but whatever was actually there wouldn't budge. It like a scab that wouldn't come off. The stuff that came out looked like dried ooze of a scab.  So when I got back home from the vacation, I went to an urgent care doctor about the nose--by that time the red lesions in my mouth were gone but I had taken pictures.  I showed him the pictures and he said it was herpes. He did blood tests, but they were kind of weird (and I didn't know what he had tested until LabCorp sent me the results). He did an HSV-2 IGG test which was negative (I'm not sure why he ordered that since I've never had sexual contact and the lesions were all in my mouth and the thing in my nose). And he ordered a combo HSV-1/HSV-2 IGM which came back equivocal. I have since read the CDC does not recommend doing HSV IGM testing.  So I texted my PCP. The thing is that it's nearly impossible to see him for an appointment but if I text him with something actionable, he'll do it. Or if he said if he can reply in 2-3 words he'll write back. Otherwise he ignores the texts.  So I asked him to add the HSV-1 IGG which came back negative.  I still had this painful thing in my nose, so I asked if he could squeeze me in and he said only for a lab visit to swab it.  So the nurse swabbed it for HSV DNA and for staph and bacterial cultures. But I didn't actually talk to him.  Of course, the office never calls. I get the lab reports from LabCorp sent to my e-mail 7 days after the doctor gets them.  The lab report said HSV DNA tested negative but I had an abnormally high amount of staph aureus in my nose. It even gave a list of medications that this particular isolate is not resistant to.  So they've had this info for over a week but no one called me (no one ever calls from doctor's offices with lab results---thank god the labs send them out now).   So I can't get an appointment sooner, but I texted him because of these results and also because in the mean time I've been getting the mouth sores again, I've also gotten a finger where the cuticle pulled back on its own and it got puffy, and I got a boil on the small of my back.  So before I got the lab report I was self treating the finger and boil with bacitracin and it wasn't working. I had an old tube of Bactroban (still in date) that I started and it seems to be working on the boil a bit.  But I texted him to ask if I should be on one of these oral antibiotics that the lab report mentioned. The thing is that I don't still have that sore in my nose, but I'm still hot, sweaty, have headaches all the time, and my nose has been putting out a LOT more green boogers than usual (it comes dried instead of snot I think maybe because I'm on anticholinergic meds).  All he texted back was "Use bactrian" (it's not even bacitracin or bactroban) --I don't even know which he meant.  I sent more texts but he didn't write back.  I don't know if all this is related to my really poor oral hygiene. It seemed like the outbreak happened AFTER I brushed my teeth for the first time in probably months. But I don't know if it's that or not. I know I should brush my teeth but I have this fear of worsening whatever is going on and causing bacteremia since I know I'll bleed a lot. I've told him all of this but haven't gotten a response. I have an appt July 31.  I'm not a person who likes taking antibiotics or seeks them out. The last time I was on one was a very long time ago for an infected cyst on my back where I had to take it in order to have surgery on the cyst.  I'm just not sure where this staph aureus came from and if it's related to transfer from my poor oral hygiene to the nose, and if it's at all related to the boil and being hot and sweaty. Not sure if I should be on an antibiotic.  I really don't like going to Urgent Care because they tend to tell me I should be seeing my PCP instead. He's really, really, really nice, but he's just so overbooked, and then his vacation means that the office said they've triple booked him for weeks out now.  Do I sound like I need to be on an oral antibiotic?
8yrubz,164,168,ADR,boil,seroquel,seroquel,Not sure what do with positive staph aureus lab result 35/M/241 lbs/6'2"  Meds: Ativan, Valium, Paxil, Seroquel, Bisoprolol; currently using topical bactroban on a boil  A lot of this is that I have had a really hard time being able to see my PCP because he's so busy and has been on vacation a lot so everything is backed up. I've had two urgent care visits over the last couple of months and a single lab visit to his office but haven't actually seen him. So I have lab results but no one to interface with.  So earlier this summer I had been sweating like crazy, had a low grade fever (was measured as 100.8 in urgent care), just felt like my body had an infection in that my pulse was up (I have some sort of POTS-like symptoms that get worse when I have an infection).  The urgent care did a CBC that came back normal.  I went on a vacation and while I was there I was still hot and sweating all the time. Due to what is maybe a moral failing or maybe my mental illness, I barely ever brush my teeth. But on vacation I brushed my teeth for the first time in a long time. I mention that only in case it may be related.  I started getting a sore throat and I noticed getting spots all over my mouth. I get red spots all over that I thought maybe were herpes. I wasn't sure. I have never had any sexual activity. Never had a cold sore before. At the same time this happened I got a very painful sore inside my nostril. It felt like something was in my nose. I shouldn't have picked at it, but I did with a glove. This amber, crystal like stuff would come out, but whatever was actually there wouldn't budge. It like a scab that wouldn't come off. The stuff that came out looked like dried ooze of a scab.  So when I got back home from the vacation, I went to an urgent care doctor about the nose--by that time the red lesions in my mouth were gone but I had taken pictures.  I showed him the pictures and he said it was herpes. He did blood tests, but they were kind of weird (and I didn't know what he had tested until LabCorp sent me the results). He did an HSV-2 IGG test which was negative (I'm not sure why he ordered that since I've never had sexual contact and the lesions were all in my mouth and the thing in my nose). And he ordered a combo HSV-1/HSV-2 IGM which came back equivocal. I have since read the CDC does not recommend doing HSV IGM testing.  So I texted my PCP. The thing is that it's nearly impossible to see him for an appointment but if I text him with something actionable, he'll do it. Or if he said if he can reply in 2-3 words he'll write back. Otherwise he ignores the texts.  So I asked him to add the HSV-1 IGG which came back negative.  I still had this painful thing in my nose, so I asked if he could squeeze me in and he said only for a lab visit to swab it.  So the nurse swabbed it for HSV DNA and for staph and bacterial cultures. But I didn't actually talk to him.  Of course, the office never calls. I get the lab reports from LabCorp sent to my e-mail 7 days after the doctor gets them.  The lab report said HSV DNA tested negative but I had an abnormally high amount of staph aureus in my nose. It even gave a list of medications that this particular isolate is not resistant to.  So they've had this info for over a week but no one called me (no one ever calls from doctor's offices with lab results---thank god the labs send them out now).   So I can't get an appointment sooner, but I texted him because of these results and also because in the mean time I've been getting the mouth sores again, I've also gotten a finger where the cuticle pulled back on its own and it got puffy, and I got a boil on the small of my back.  So before I got the lab report I was self treating the finger and boil with bacitracin and it wasn't working. I had an old tube of Bactroban (still in date) that I started and it seems to be working on the boil a bit.  But I texted him to ask if I should be on one of these oral antibiotics that the lab report mentioned. The thing is that I don't still have that sore in my nose, but I'm still hot, sweaty, have headaches all the time, and my nose has been putting out a LOT more green boogers than usual (it comes dried instead of snot I think maybe because I'm on anticholinergic meds).  All he texted back was "Use bactrian" (it's not even bacitracin or bactroban) --I don't even know which he meant.  I sent more texts but he didn't write back.  I don't know if all this is related to my really poor oral hygiene. It seemed like the outbreak happened AFTER I brushed my teeth for the first time in probably months. But I don't know if it's that or not. I know I should brush my teeth but I have this fear of worsening whatever is going on and causing bacteremia since I know I'll bleed a lot. I've told him all of this but haven't gotten a response. I have an appt July 31.  I'm not a person who likes taking antibiotics or seeks them out. The last time I was on one was a very long time ago for an infected cyst on my back where I had to take it in order to have surgery on the cyst.  I'm just not sure where this staph aureus came from and if it's related to transfer from my poor oral hygiene to the nose, and if it's at all related to the boil and being hot and sweaty. Not sure if I should be on an antibiotic.  I really don't like going to Urgent Care because they tend to tell me I should be seeing my PCP instead. He's really, really, really nice, but he's just so overbooked, and then his vacation means that the office said they've triple booked him for weeks out now.  Do I sound like I need to be on an oral antibiotic?
8yrubz,4084,4093,ADR,headaches,seroquel,seroquel,Not sure what do with positive staph aureus lab result 35/M/241 lbs/6'2"  Meds: Ativan, Valium, Paxil, Seroquel, Bisoprolol; currently using topical bactroban on a boil  A lot of this is that I have had a really hard time being able to see my PCP because he's so busy and has been on vacation a lot so everything is backed up. I've had two urgent care visits over the last couple of months and a single lab visit to his office but haven't actually seen him. So I have lab results but no one to interface with.  So earlier this summer I had been sweating like crazy, had a low grade fever (was measured as 100.8 in urgent care), just felt like my body had an infection in that my pulse was up (I have some sort of POTS-like symptoms that get worse when I have an infection).  The urgent care did a CBC that came back normal.  I went on a vacation and while I was there I was still hot and sweating all the time. Due to what is maybe a moral failing or maybe my mental illness, I barely ever brush my teeth. But on vacation I brushed my teeth for the first time in a long time. I mention that only in case it may be related.  I started getting a sore throat and I noticed getting spots all over my mouth. I get red spots all over that I thought maybe were herpes. I wasn't sure. I have never had any sexual activity. Never had a cold sore before. At the same time this happened I got a very painful sore inside my nostril. It felt like something was in my nose. I shouldn't have picked at it, but I did with a glove. This amber, crystal like stuff would come out, but whatever was actually there wouldn't budge. It like a scab that wouldn't come off. The stuff that came out looked like dried ooze of a scab.  So when I got back home from the vacation, I went to an urgent care doctor about the nose--by that time the red lesions in my mouth were gone but I had taken pictures.  I showed him the pictures and he said it was herpes. He did blood tests, but they were kind of weird (and I didn't know what he had tested until LabCorp sent me the results). He did an HSV-2 IGG test which was negative (I'm not sure why he ordered that since I've never had sexual contact and the lesions were all in my mouth and the thing in my nose). And he ordered a combo HSV-1/HSV-2 IGM which came back equivocal. I have since read the CDC does not recommend doing HSV IGM testing.  So I texted my PCP. The thing is that it's nearly impossible to see him for an appointment but if I text him with something actionable, he'll do it. Or if he said if he can reply in 2-3 words he'll write back. Otherwise he ignores the texts.  So I asked him to add the HSV-1 IGG which came back negative.  I still had this painful thing in my nose, so I asked if he could squeeze me in and he said only for a lab visit to swab it.  So the nurse swabbed it for HSV DNA and for staph and bacterial cultures. But I didn't actually talk to him.  Of course, the office never calls. I get the lab reports from LabCorp sent to my e-mail 7 days after the doctor gets them.  The lab report said HSV DNA tested negative but I had an abnormally high amount of staph aureus in my nose. It even gave a list of medications that this particular isolate is not resistant to.  So they've had this info for over a week but no one called me (no one ever calls from doctor's offices with lab results---thank god the labs send them out now).   So I can't get an appointment sooner, but I texted him because of these results and also because in the mean time I've been getting the mouth sores again, I've also gotten a finger where the cuticle pulled back on its own and it got puffy, and I got a boil on the small of my back.  So before I got the lab report I was self treating the finger and boil with bacitracin and it wasn't working. I had an old tube of Bactroban (still in date) that I started and it seems to be working on the boil a bit.  But I texted him to ask if I should be on one of these oral antibiotics that the lab report mentioned. The thing is that I don't still have that sore in my nose, but I'm still hot, sweaty, have headaches all the time, and my nose has been putting out a LOT more green boogers than usual (it comes dried instead of snot I think maybe because I'm on anticholinergic meds).  All he texted back was "Use bactrian" (it's not even bacitracin or bactroban) --I don't even know which he meant.  I sent more texts but he didn't write back.  I don't know if all this is related to my really poor oral hygiene. It seemed like the outbreak happened AFTER I brushed my teeth for the first time in probably months. But I don't know if it's that or not. I know I should brush my teeth but I have this fear of worsening whatever is going on and causing bacteremia since I know I'll bleed a lot. I've told him all of this but haven't gotten a response. I have an appt July 31.  I'm not a person who likes taking antibiotics or seeks them out. The last time I was on one was a very long time ago for an infected cyst on my back where I had to take it in order to have surgery on the cyst.  I'm just not sure where this staph aureus came from and if it's related to transfer from my poor oral hygiene to the nose, and if it's at all related to the boil and being hot and sweaty. Not sure if I should be on an antibiotic.  I really don't like going to Urgent Care because they tend to tell me I should be seeing my PCP instead. He's really, really, really nice, but he's just so overbooked, and then his vacation means that the office said they've triple booked him for weeks out now.  Do I sound like I need to be on an oral antibiotic?
8yro7s,425,433,ADR,epilepsy,seroquel,seroquel,I am epileptic, for seven years it was mistaken for Anxiety Disorder. Seven years ago, I began getting these "weird feelings" followed by insane anxiety. In this time I saw dozens of doctors, psychiatrists, doctors of psychiatry. I even got these episodes on the front of doctors of psychiatry. They all diagnosed me with anxiety disorder. .   Fast forward to this spring.. I got a grand mall.. Broke a vertebrae.  I went on epilepsy meds just to be safe (Kepra) First everyone was saying it was due to meds I was taking for anxiety disorder (seroquel). Even I wanted to think that way..   Two weeks ago I got eeg and I was diagnosed epileptic.. We switched meds.. I got another grand mal.. (week ago)   So I am sitting here.. For the first time in seven years.. It is beginning to make sense.. The momentary weird feelings proceeded by ominious feelings I get are probably small seizures and the feeling that washes over me afterwards is the anxiety due to wtf is happening to me..   I knew something was deeply messed up seven years ago. I was thinking it was brain tumor or something (I have had mri and ct scan of my head).. And I could not shake the thought. Every time I got the feeling.. I got insane anxiety..   Now I know.. It is epilepsy.. We are still in the process of adjusting my meds.. I would like to get them to a point where I do not get any of these feelings.. I can not fathom how life would be if I could get there..   On another hand.. I finally have a answer.. I guess I should not be so afraid of these episodes.. But after seven years of facing them without a clue.. It is hard to unlearn the anxiety response..   Anyone else with similar story?
8yro7s,880,888,ADR,seizures,seroquel,seroquel,I am epileptic, for seven years it was mistaken for Anxiety Disorder. Seven years ago, I began getting these "weird feelings" followed by insane anxiety. In this time I saw dozens of doctors, psychiatrists, doctors of psychiatry. I even got these episodes on the front of doctors of psychiatry. They all diagnosed me with anxiety disorder. .   Fast forward to this spring.. I got a grand mall.. Broke a vertebrae.  I went on epilepsy meds just to be safe (Kepra) First everyone was saying it was due to meds I was taking for anxiety disorder (seroquel). Even I wanted to think that way..   Two weeks ago I got eeg and I was diagnosed epileptic.. We switched meds.. I got another grand mal.. (week ago)   So I am sitting here.. For the first time in seven years.. It is beginning to make sense.. The momentary weird feelings proceeded by ominious feelings I get are probably small seizures and the feeling that washes over me afterwards is the anxiety due to wtf is happening to me..   I knew something was deeply messed up seven years ago. I was thinking it was brain tumor or something (I have had mri and ct scan of my head).. And I could not shake the thought. Every time I got the feeling.. I got insane anxiety..   Now I know.. It is epilepsy.. We are still in the process of adjusting my meds.. I would like to get them to a point where I do not get any of these feelings.. I can not fathom how life would be if I could get there..   On another hand.. I finally have a answer.. I guess I should not be so afraid of these episodes.. But after seven years of facing them without a clue.. It is hard to unlearn the anxiety response..   Anyone else with similar story?
8yro7s,145,152,ADR,anxiety,seroquel,seroquel,I am epileptic, for seven years it was mistaken for Anxiety Disorder. Seven years ago, I began getting these "weird feelings" followed by insane anxiety. In this time I saw dozens of doctors, psychiatrists, doctors of psychiatry. I even got these episodes on the front of doctors of psychiatry. They all diagnosed me with anxiety disorder. .   Fast forward to this spring.. I got a grand mall.. Broke a vertebrae.  I went on epilepsy meds just to be safe (Kepra) First everyone was saying it was due to meds I was taking for anxiety disorder (seroquel). Even I wanted to think that way..   Two weeks ago I got eeg and I was diagnosed epileptic.. We switched meds.. I got another grand mal.. (week ago)   So I am sitting here.. For the first time in seven years.. It is beginning to make sense.. The momentary weird feelings proceeded by ominious feelings I get are probably small seizures and the feeling that washes over me afterwards is the anxiety due to wtf is happening to me..   I knew something was deeply messed up seven years ago. I was thinking it was brain tumor or something (I have had mri and ct scan of my head).. And I could not shake the thought. Every time I got the feeling.. I got insane anxiety..   Now I know.. It is epilepsy.. We are still in the process of adjusting my meds.. I would like to get them to a point where I do not get any of these feelings.. I can not fathom how life would be if I could get there..   On another hand.. I finally have a answer.. I guess I should not be so afraid of these episodes.. But after seven years of facing them without a clue.. It is hard to unlearn the anxiety response..   Anyone else with similar story?
8yjwpi,22,32,ADR,depression,seroquel,seroquel,Seroquel is making my depression worse The depression has been real since i started taking Seroquel (about a week ago). I keep having these brief periods of intense lows and I'm getting through them, but its not easy. I have a history of self harm and lately its been sounding like a good idea to start up again. Does anybody have any tricks to help me distract myself from these thoughts?
8yiujr,403,409,ADR,unwell,seroquel,seroquel,Causes of bipolar disorder Has anyone ever had their cortisol levels tested ?   I did a test years ago when I was living in Australia before my diagnosis and it was extremely low  but my doctor told me to ignore it as he wasn't sure if it was accurate.   Cue 6 years later i have a bipolar diagnosis and I recently  tried DHEA supplement as I thought it would help with focus and it made me feel really unwell for over a week ie depressed and physically exhausted after only taking it for 2 days. It wasn't even a high dose so really the only way that could happen is if my cortisol was already really low as DHEA would lower it further.  This got me thinking as I take naproxen to lower inflammation as this has eradicated depression in me and allowed me to stop 2 antidepressants and seroquel and lower my lithium to 400mg ( yes I know it's not good to take an NSAID and lithium so will be stopping lithium soon)  If you have low cortisol it drives up inflammation. I get depressed in winter and illness and cortisol should go higher in both but if I have really low cortisol this would explain the spikes in inflammation and why naproxen stabalises my mood.  I just wondered if anyone has ever had cortisol tested ? As I read that it is common to be low or really high in depression or mania in bipolar  I've just ordered £500 of private tests including cortisol DHEA testosterone estrogen levels and precursors to neurotransmitters   So I've ordered likea maybe 25 tests to test the things I always wanted to test and what a doctor would not test.  May be over kill but I got fed up of doctors refusing to test my inflamitory levels and have never once been tested for causes other than kidney liver and thyroid purely to ensure their lithium they give me doesn't cause damage.
8yiujr,429,438,ADR,depressed,seroquel,seroquel,Causes of bipolar disorder Has anyone ever had their cortisol levels tested ?   I did a test years ago when I was living in Australia before my diagnosis and it was extremely low  but my doctor told me to ignore it as he wasn't sure if it was accurate.   Cue 6 years later i have a bipolar diagnosis and I recently  tried DHEA supplement as I thought it would help with focus and it made me feel really unwell for over a week ie depressed and physically exhausted after only taking it for 2 days. It wasn't even a high dose so really the only way that could happen is if my cortisol was already really low as DHEA would lower it further.  This got me thinking as I take naproxen to lower inflammation as this has eradicated depression in me and allowed me to stop 2 antidepressants and seroquel and lower my lithium to 400mg ( yes I know it's not good to take an NSAID and lithium so will be stopping lithium soon)  If you have low cortisol it drives up inflammation. I get depressed in winter and illness and cortisol should go higher in both but if I have really low cortisol this would explain the spikes in inflammation and why naproxen stabalises my mood.  I just wondered if anyone has ever had cortisol tested ? As I read that it is common to be low or really high in depression or mania in bipolar  I've just ordered £500 of private tests including cortisol DHEA testosterone estrogen levels and precursors to neurotransmitters   So I've ordered likea maybe 25 tests to test the things I always wanted to test and what a doctor would not test.  May be over kill but I got fed up of doctors refusing to test my inflamitory levels and have never once been tested for causes other than kidney liver and thyroid purely to ensure their lithium they give me doesn't cause damage.
8yiujr,454,463,ADR,exhausted,seroquel,seroquel,Causes of bipolar disorder Has anyone ever had their cortisol levels tested ?   I did a test years ago when I was living in Australia before my diagnosis and it was extremely low  but my doctor told me to ignore it as he wasn't sure if it was accurate.   Cue 6 years later i have a bipolar diagnosis and I recently  tried DHEA supplement as I thought it would help with focus and it made me feel really unwell for over a week ie depressed and physically exhausted after only taking it for 2 days. It wasn't even a high dose so really the only way that could happen is if my cortisol was already really low as DHEA would lower it further.  This got me thinking as I take naproxen to lower inflammation as this has eradicated depression in me and allowed me to stop 2 antidepressants and seroquel and lower my lithium to 400mg ( yes I know it's not good to take an NSAID and lithium so will be stopping lithium soon)  If you have low cortisol it drives up inflammation. I get depressed in winter and illness and cortisol should go higher in both but if I have really low cortisol this would explain the spikes in inflammation and why naproxen stabalises my mood.  I just wondered if anyone has ever had cortisol tested ? As I read that it is common to be low or really high in depression or mania in bipolar  I've just ordered £500 of private tests including cortisol DHEA testosterone estrogen levels and precursors to neurotransmitters   So I've ordered likea maybe 25 tests to test the things I always wanted to test and what a doctor would not test.  May be over kill but I got fed up of doctors refusing to test my inflamitory levels and have never once been tested for causes other than kidney liver and thyroid purely to ensure their lithium they give me doesn't cause damage.
8yi1mv,495,501,ADR,hunger,seroquel,seroquel,Constant Hunger Leading to Weight Gain Age: 19   Gender: Male   Height: 178cm   Weight: 100kg   Race: Caucasian   Location of Issue: Mental/Stomach   Diagnosed Medical Issues:   * ADHD   * Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder   * Generalised Anxiety Disorder   * Major Depressive Disorder   Current Medication: Ritalin 10mg 4 times a day   Smoking Status: Rarely in social situations Recreationals Drugs: Cannabis, MDMA and Acid rarely   Symptom Onset: About 1 year and a half ago   Symptoms: Constant hunger regardless of how much I eat. For example I could eat double my recommended daily intake in one day (eating mostly healthy food) and I would still feel completely famished.   At the time that the symptoms started I was on fluoxetine for my depression, OCD and anxiety as well as dexamphetamines for my ADHD. In agreement with my psychiatrist I weaned myself off fluoxetine and stopped taking dexamphetamines at the end of May to see if it would have any effect on my insane hunger levels. This had no effect on my hunger levels and none of the doctors I have been to have had any idea what could be causing it.    Since I am going onto a new prescription of Seroquel (which can cause increased appetite and weight gain )in a few days time I thought I should post here to see if anybody had any suggestions for what could possibly be causing my hunger?
8yi1mv,1186,1204,ADR,increased appetite,seroquel,seroquel,Constant Hunger Leading to Weight Gain Age: 19   Gender: Male   Height: 178cm   Weight: 100kg   Race: Caucasian   Location of Issue: Mental/Stomach   Diagnosed Medical Issues:   * ADHD   * Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder   * Generalised Anxiety Disorder   * Major Depressive Disorder   Current Medication: Ritalin 10mg 4 times a day   Smoking Status: Rarely in social situations Recreationals Drugs: Cannabis, MDMA and Acid rarely   Symptom Onset: About 1 year and a half ago   Symptoms: Constant hunger regardless of how much I eat. For example I could eat double my recommended daily intake in one day (eating mostly healthy food) and I would still feel completely famished.   At the time that the symptoms started I was on fluoxetine for my depression, OCD and anxiety as well as dexamphetamines for my ADHD. In agreement with my psychiatrist I weaned myself off fluoxetine and stopped taking dexamphetamines at the end of May to see if it would have any effect on my insane hunger levels. This had no effect on my hunger levels and none of the doctors I have been to have had any idea what could be causing it.    Since I am going onto a new prescription of Seroquel (which can cause increased appetite and weight gain )in a few days time I thought I should post here to see if anybody had any suggestions for what could possibly be causing my hunger?
8yi1mv,1209,1220,ADR,weight gain,seroquel,seroquel,Constant Hunger Leading to Weight Gain Age: 19   Gender: Male   Height: 178cm   Weight: 100kg   Race: Caucasian   Location of Issue: Mental/Stomach   Diagnosed Medical Issues:   * ADHD   * Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder   * Generalised Anxiety Disorder   * Major Depressive Disorder   Current Medication: Ritalin 10mg 4 times a day   Smoking Status: Rarely in social situations Recreationals Drugs: Cannabis, MDMA and Acid rarely   Symptom Onset: About 1 year and a half ago   Symptoms: Constant hunger regardless of how much I eat. For example I could eat double my recommended daily intake in one day (eating mostly healthy food) and I would still feel completely famished.   At the time that the symptoms started I was on fluoxetine for my depression, OCD and anxiety as well as dexamphetamines for my ADHD. In agreement with my psychiatrist I weaned myself off fluoxetine and stopped taking dexamphetamines at the end of May to see if it would have any effect on my insane hunger levels. This had no effect on my hunger levels and none of the doctors I have been to have had any idea what could be causing it.    Since I am going onto a new prescription of Seroquel (which can cause increased appetite and weight gain )in a few days time I thought I should post here to see if anybody had any suggestions for what could possibly be causing my hunger?
8yasko,272,278,ADR,groggy,seroquel,seroquel,It Takes me over 3 hours and 3 cups of coffee to wake up  hey folks, I am on 300 mg Seroquel at night, 150 wellbutrin 2x Day, Klponopin 1 mg 2x Day, Tegretol 200 mg 2x Day, For BiPolar.  I been on the Seroquel for many years which I am thinking is the culprit for feeling groggy in the AM.   I get up after 9 hours sleep, and I sit and read news, etc. on my PC for like 3 hours before I get moving. I also started taking melatonin 2 Months ago which now I'm thinking maybe I'll stop that. I am Tapering down to 200 mg Seroquel.  Anyone else have this condition in the AM? maybe it's just depression? Have not been Manic in quite awhile I feel like being stable for me is being depressed. Any thoughts?, Advice?
8y7snx,428,441,ADR,heat flurries,seroquel,seroquel,MDMA 5 hours, no desirable effects, am wide awake At 11PM I took a orange cherry xtc pill, according to a [ecstasydata.org](https://ecstasydata.org), the pill has around 141mg.   My eyes aren't  really dilated anymore, but  we're very dilated(especially) hours ago  I do take 25mg of seroquel(which I know can block the MDMA) a night, but I didn't take it tonight, and it should have been eliminated from system  I did get some heat flurries before, and a little bit of euphoria, but only for a few seconds, so could have been placebo   It has been five hours now, and I really don't know. It's quite strange. Read other posts about it taking this long. Anyone have any ideas?
8y7snx,470,478,ADR,euphoria,seroquel,seroquel,MDMA 5 hours, no desirable effects, am wide awake At 11PM I took a orange cherry xtc pill, according to a [ecstasydata.org](https://ecstasydata.org), the pill has around 141mg.   My eyes aren't  really dilated anymore, but  we're very dilated(especially) hours ago  I do take 25mg of seroquel(which I know can block the MDMA) a night, but I didn't take it tonight, and it should have been eliminated from system  I did get some heat flurries before, and a little bit of euphoria, but only for a few seconds, so could have been placebo   It has been five hours now, and I really don't know. It's quite strange. Read other posts about it taking this long. Anyone have any ideas?
8y3fo4,13,18,ADR,mania,seroquel,seroquel,adderall and mania: similar? so i’m bipolar, and i’m currently in a insane depressive episode where essentially all i’ve been hoping for is another manic episode because at least i’m happy and motivated and not useless during them. i’ve been using drugs to deal with these intense self destructive impulsive so i’ve ended up taking up smoking, getting ridiculously drunk multiple days in a row (and overall as often as possible, i hope i’m not considered a alcoholic but i’m afraid i’m well into that diagnosis) and i have abused vicodin and codeine, taken a dangerously high amount of acetaminophen in one of the much lower swings, and have developed a nicotine addiction. in all of that mess, i ended up with a fucking ton of adderall and decided to take 10 pills. i am currently very amphetamine’d up and it is ridiculously similar to the intense heights of mania in my opinion. incredible energy, tons of motivation, talking to everybody on the phone at the same time, wearing few clothes and being a fucking dumbass, doing handstands, and just loving everything. i really hope this doesnt become a habit but i cant see it not being one either. i just want to fall apart. i dont understand how i am this self destructive but i have hallucinated before and had very scary psychosis and i just want that. i want to mentally disintegrate and i dont know why. i dont idealize it, i dont think of it as cool, i dont want pity, i just want to slowly devolve into insanity until i finally kill myself and maybe its because then it’d give me a reason to end things. what a fuckin mess, am i right? and i should be so happy, i have a girlfriend who i fuckin love and everything is great and i have so many friends but i just hate myself and dont know how to deal with it. at least on adderall now it just feels bittersweet and i understand the sadness is what adds depth to my view of the world, without these intense chemical imbalances where the world is a dark, evil place, i would never be able to respect the indescribable beauty in the mundane.  anyways, also i’m male and 16 if those details mean anything to the story. i prefer newports but smoking is fucking gross and i recommend nobody ever start. its just a problem i’ve been working on quitting. put lemon or lime juice in vodka and slam it to just get drunk with not too much of the gross taste. merlot is fucking awful. i dont play video games but earthbound and mother 3 are both indescribably beautiful. i’ve started prozac. i’m also on lithium and seroquel. i took a lot of seroquel a while ago and it felt a bit like my brain was melting but in a okay way. i didnt die. beer is gross and doesnt get you drunk fast enough. i only drink to get drunk. i hope someday to experience delirium tremens. i’ve attempted to drink a ton of days in row before to do it but i didnt get anywhere. adderall is great but please nobody go down the path of drugs. especially opiates. no adderall either. weed is overrated and fuck “stoners”, its a stupid personality crutch for people who are boring and want to make up for it in marijuana. i love you meredith. i am not wearing a shirt and i am in 7/11 and i’m wearing jorts but jorts are pretty stupid but its okay. this is more of a diary now. i love synthesizers and really want to buy a roland juno-60. i can link my soundcloud if anyone is interested in hearing weird ‘80s synthpop made with all genuine analog equipment and no DAWs. ok thanks. bye everyone. i love you all and understand what youre going through because i am too and i just want everybody to be strong.  goodbye for now.
8y3fo4,75,93,ADR,depressive episode,seroquel,seroquel,adderall and mania: similar? so i’m bipolar, and i’m currently in a insane depressive episode where essentially all i’ve been hoping for is another manic episode because at least i’m happy and motivated and not useless during them. i’ve been using drugs to deal with these intense self destructive impulsive so i’ve ended up taking up smoking, getting ridiculously drunk multiple days in a row (and overall as often as possible, i hope i’m not considered a alcoholic but i’m afraid i’m well into that diagnosis) and i have abused vicodin and codeine, taken a dangerously high amount of acetaminophen in one of the much lower swings, and have developed a nicotine addiction. in all of that mess, i ended up with a fucking ton of adderall and decided to take 10 pills. i am currently very amphetamine’d up and it is ridiculously similar to the intense heights of mania in my opinion. incredible energy, tons of motivation, talking to everybody on the phone at the same time, wearing few clothes and being a fucking dumbass, doing handstands, and just loving everything. i really hope this doesnt become a habit but i cant see it not being one either. i just want to fall apart. i dont understand how i am this self destructive but i have hallucinated before and had very scary psychosis and i just want that. i want to mentally disintegrate and i dont know why. i dont idealize it, i dont think of it as cool, i dont want pity, i just want to slowly devolve into insanity until i finally kill myself and maybe its because then it’d give me a reason to end things. what a fuckin mess, am i right? and i should be so happy, i have a girlfriend who i fuckin love and everything is great and i have so many friends but i just hate myself and dont know how to deal with it. at least on adderall now it just feels bittersweet and i understand the sadness is what adds depth to my view of the world, without these intense chemical imbalances where the world is a dark, evil place, i would never be able to respect the indescribable beauty in the mundane.  anyways, also i’m male and 16 if those details mean anything to the story. i prefer newports but smoking is fucking gross and i recommend nobody ever start. its just a problem i’ve been working on quitting. put lemon or lime juice in vodka and slam it to just get drunk with not too much of the gross taste. merlot is fucking awful. i dont play video games but earthbound and mother 3 are both indescribably beautiful. i’ve started prozac. i’m also on lithium and seroquel. i took a lot of seroquel a while ago and it felt a bit like my brain was melting but in a okay way. i didnt die. beer is gross and doesnt get you drunk fast enough. i only drink to get drunk. i hope someday to experience delirium tremens. i’ve attempted to drink a ton of days in row before to do it but i didnt get anywhere. adderall is great but please nobody go down the path of drugs. especially opiates. no adderall either. weed is overrated and fuck “stoners”, its a stupid personality crutch for people who are boring and want to make up for it in marijuana. i love you meredith. i am not wearing a shirt and i am in 7/11 and i’m wearing jorts but jorts are pretty stupid but its okay. this is more of a diary now. i love synthesizers and really want to buy a roland juno-60. i can link my soundcloud if anyone is interested in hearing weird ‘80s synthpop made with all genuine analog equipment and no DAWs. ok thanks. bye everyone. i love you all and understand what youre going through because i am too and i just want everybody to be strong.  goodbye for now.
8y3fo4,663,672,ADR,addiction,seroquel,seroquel,adderall and mania: similar? so i’m bipolar, and i’m currently in a insane depressive episode where essentially all i’ve been hoping for is another manic episode because at least i’m happy and motivated and not useless during them. i’ve been using drugs to deal with these intense self destructive impulsive so i’ve ended up taking up smoking, getting ridiculously drunk multiple days in a row (and overall as often as possible, i hope i’m not considered a alcoholic but i’m afraid i’m well into that diagnosis) and i have abused vicodin and codeine, taken a dangerously high amount of acetaminophen in one of the much lower swings, and have developed a nicotine addiction. in all of that mess, i ended up with a fucking ton of adderall and decided to take 10 pills. i am currently very amphetamine’d up and it is ridiculously similar to the intense heights of mania in my opinion. incredible energy, tons of motivation, talking to everybody on the phone at the same time, wearing few clothes and being a fucking dumbass, doing handstands, and just loving everything. i really hope this doesnt become a habit but i cant see it not being one either. i just want to fall apart. i dont understand how i am this self destructive but i have hallucinated before and had very scary psychosis and i just want that. i want to mentally disintegrate and i dont know why. i dont idealize it, i dont think of it as cool, i dont want pity, i just want to slowly devolve into insanity until i finally kill myself and maybe its because then it’d give me a reason to end things. what a fuckin mess, am i right? and i should be so happy, i have a girlfriend who i fuckin love and everything is great and i have so many friends but i just hate myself and dont know how to deal with it. at least on adderall now it just feels bittersweet and i understand the sadness is what adds depth to my view of the world, without these intense chemical imbalances where the world is a dark, evil place, i would never be able to respect the indescribable beauty in the mundane.  anyways, also i’m male and 16 if those details mean anything to the story. i prefer newports but smoking is fucking gross and i recommend nobody ever start. its just a problem i’ve been working on quitting. put lemon or lime juice in vodka and slam it to just get drunk with not too much of the gross taste. merlot is fucking awful. i dont play video games but earthbound and mother 3 are both indescribably beautiful. i’ve started prozac. i’m also on lithium and seroquel. i took a lot of seroquel a while ago and it felt a bit like my brain was melting but in a okay way. i didnt die. beer is gross and doesnt get you drunk fast enough. i only drink to get drunk. i hope someday to experience delirium tremens. i’ve attempted to drink a ton of days in row before to do it but i didnt get anywhere. adderall is great but please nobody go down the path of drugs. especially opiates. no adderall either. weed is overrated and fuck “stoners”, its a stupid personality crutch for people who are boring and want to make up for it in marijuana. i love you meredith. i am not wearing a shirt and i am in 7/11 and i’m wearing jorts but jorts are pretty stupid but its okay. this is more of a diary now. i love synthesizers and really want to buy a roland juno-60. i can link my soundcloud if anyone is interested in hearing weird ‘80s synthpop made with all genuine analog equipment and no DAWs. ok thanks. bye everyone. i love you all and understand what youre going through because i am too and i just want everybody to be strong.  goodbye for now.
8y3fo4,286,297,ADR,destructive,seroquel,seroquel,adderall and mania: similar? so i’m bipolar, and i’m currently in a insane depressive episode where essentially all i’ve been hoping for is another manic episode because at least i’m happy and motivated and not useless during them. i’ve been using drugs to deal with these intense self destructive impulsive so i’ve ended up taking up smoking, getting ridiculously drunk multiple days in a row (and overall as often as possible, i hope i’m not considered a alcoholic but i’m afraid i’m well into that diagnosis) and i have abused vicodin and codeine, taken a dangerously high amount of acetaminophen in one of the much lower swings, and have developed a nicotine addiction. in all of that mess, i ended up with a fucking ton of adderall and decided to take 10 pills. i am currently very amphetamine’d up and it is ridiculously similar to the intense heights of mania in my opinion. incredible energy, tons of motivation, talking to everybody on the phone at the same time, wearing few clothes and being a fucking dumbass, doing handstands, and just loving everything. i really hope this doesnt become a habit but i cant see it not being one either. i just want to fall apart. i dont understand how i am this self destructive but i have hallucinated before and had very scary psychosis and i just want that. i want to mentally disintegrate and i dont know why. i dont idealize it, i dont think of it as cool, i dont want pity, i just want to slowly devolve into insanity until i finally kill myself and maybe its because then it’d give me a reason to end things. what a fuckin mess, am i right? and i should be so happy, i have a girlfriend who i fuckin love and everything is great and i have so many friends but i just hate myself and dont know how to deal with it. at least on adderall now it just feels bittersweet and i understand the sadness is what adds depth to my view of the world, without these intense chemical imbalances where the world is a dark, evil place, i would never be able to respect the indescribable beauty in the mundane.  anyways, also i’m male and 16 if those details mean anything to the story. i prefer newports but smoking is fucking gross and i recommend nobody ever start. its just a problem i’ve been working on quitting. put lemon or lime juice in vodka and slam it to just get drunk with not too much of the gross taste. merlot is fucking awful. i dont play video games but earthbound and mother 3 are both indescribably beautiful. i’ve started prozac. i’m also on lithium and seroquel. i took a lot of seroquel a while ago and it felt a bit like my brain was melting but in a okay way. i didnt die. beer is gross and doesnt get you drunk fast enough. i only drink to get drunk. i hope someday to experience delirium tremens. i’ve attempted to drink a ton of days in row before to do it but i didnt get anywhere. adderall is great but please nobody go down the path of drugs. especially opiates. no adderall either. weed is overrated and fuck “stoners”, its a stupid personality crutch for people who are boring and want to make up for it in marijuana. i love you meredith. i am not wearing a shirt and i am in 7/11 and i’m wearing jorts but jorts are pretty stupid but its okay. this is more of a diary now. i love synthesizers and really want to buy a roland juno-60. i can link my soundcloud if anyone is interested in hearing weird ‘80s synthpop made with all genuine analog equipment and no DAWs. ok thanks. bye everyone. i love you all and understand what youre going through because i am too and i just want everybody to be strong.  goodbye for now.
8y3fo4,1236,1248,ADR,hallucinated,seroquel,seroquel,adderall and mania: similar? so i’m bipolar, and i’m currently in a insane depressive episode where essentially all i’ve been hoping for is another manic episode because at least i’m happy and motivated and not useless during them. i’ve been using drugs to deal with these intense self destructive impulsive so i’ve ended up taking up smoking, getting ridiculously drunk multiple days in a row (and overall as often as possible, i hope i’m not considered a alcoholic but i’m afraid i’m well into that diagnosis) and i have abused vicodin and codeine, taken a dangerously high amount of acetaminophen in one of the much lower swings, and have developed a nicotine addiction. in all of that mess, i ended up with a fucking ton of adderall and decided to take 10 pills. i am currently very amphetamine’d up and it is ridiculously similar to the intense heights of mania in my opinion. incredible energy, tons of motivation, talking to everybody on the phone at the same time, wearing few clothes and being a fucking dumbass, doing handstands, and just loving everything. i really hope this doesnt become a habit but i cant see it not being one either. i just want to fall apart. i dont understand how i am this self destructive but i have hallucinated before and had very scary psychosis and i just want that. i want to mentally disintegrate and i dont know why. i dont idealize it, i dont think of it as cool, i dont want pity, i just want to slowly devolve into insanity until i finally kill myself and maybe its because then it’d give me a reason to end things. what a fuckin mess, am i right? and i should be so happy, i have a girlfriend who i fuckin love and everything is great and i have so many friends but i just hate myself and dont know how to deal with it. at least on adderall now it just feels bittersweet and i understand the sadness is what adds depth to my view of the world, without these intense chemical imbalances where the world is a dark, evil place, i would never be able to respect the indescribable beauty in the mundane.  anyways, also i’m male and 16 if those details mean anything to the story. i prefer newports but smoking is fucking gross and i recommend nobody ever start. its just a problem i’ve been working on quitting. put lemon or lime juice in vodka and slam it to just get drunk with not too much of the gross taste. merlot is fucking awful. i dont play video games but earthbound and mother 3 are both indescribably beautiful. i’ve started prozac. i’m also on lithium and seroquel. i took a lot of seroquel a while ago and it felt a bit like my brain was melting but in a okay way. i didnt die. beer is gross and doesnt get you drunk fast enough. i only drink to get drunk. i hope someday to experience delirium tremens. i’ve attempted to drink a ton of days in row before to do it but i didnt get anywhere. adderall is great but please nobody go down the path of drugs. especially opiates. no adderall either. weed is overrated and fuck “stoners”, its a stupid personality crutch for people who are boring and want to make up for it in marijuana. i love you meredith. i am not wearing a shirt and i am in 7/11 and i’m wearing jorts but jorts are pretty stupid but its okay. this is more of a diary now. i love synthesizers and really want to buy a roland juno-60. i can link my soundcloud if anyone is interested in hearing weird ‘80s synthpop made with all genuine analog equipment and no DAWs. ok thanks. bye everyone. i love you all and understand what youre going through because i am too and i just want everybody to be strong.  goodbye for now.
8y3fo4,1275,1284,ADR,psychosis,seroquel,seroquel,adderall and mania: similar? so i’m bipolar, and i’m currently in a insane depressive episode where essentially all i’ve been hoping for is another manic episode because at least i’m happy and motivated and not useless during them. i’ve been using drugs to deal with these intense self destructive impulsive so i’ve ended up taking up smoking, getting ridiculously drunk multiple days in a row (and overall as often as possible, i hope i’m not considered a alcoholic but i’m afraid i’m well into that diagnosis) and i have abused vicodin and codeine, taken a dangerously high amount of acetaminophen in one of the much lower swings, and have developed a nicotine addiction. in all of that mess, i ended up with a fucking ton of adderall and decided to take 10 pills. i am currently very amphetamine’d up and it is ridiculously similar to the intense heights of mania in my opinion. incredible energy, tons of motivation, talking to everybody on the phone at the same time, wearing few clothes and being a fucking dumbass, doing handstands, and just loving everything. i really hope this doesnt become a habit but i cant see it not being one either. i just want to fall apart. i dont understand how i am this self destructive but i have hallucinated before and had very scary psychosis and i just want that. i want to mentally disintegrate and i dont know why. i dont idealize it, i dont think of it as cool, i dont want pity, i just want to slowly devolve into insanity until i finally kill myself and maybe its because then it’d give me a reason to end things. what a fuckin mess, am i right? and i should be so happy, i have a girlfriend who i fuckin love and everything is great and i have so many friends but i just hate myself and dont know how to deal with it. at least on adderall now it just feels bittersweet and i understand the sadness is what adds depth to my view of the world, without these intense chemical imbalances where the world is a dark, evil place, i would never be able to respect the indescribable beauty in the mundane.  anyways, also i’m male and 16 if those details mean anything to the story. i prefer newports but smoking is fucking gross and i recommend nobody ever start. its just a problem i’ve been working on quitting. put lemon or lime juice in vodka and slam it to just get drunk with not too much of the gross taste. merlot is fucking awful. i dont play video games but earthbound and mother 3 are both indescribably beautiful. i’ve started prozac. i’m also on lithium and seroquel. i took a lot of seroquel a while ago and it felt a bit like my brain was melting but in a okay way. i didnt die. beer is gross and doesnt get you drunk fast enough. i only drink to get drunk. i hope someday to experience delirium tremens. i’ve attempted to drink a ton of days in row before to do it but i didnt get anywhere. adderall is great but please nobody go down the path of drugs. especially opiates. no adderall either. weed is overrated and fuck “stoners”, its a stupid personality crutch for people who are boring and want to make up for it in marijuana. i love you meredith. i am not wearing a shirt and i am in 7/11 and i’m wearing jorts but jorts are pretty stupid but its okay. this is more of a diary now. i love synthesizers and really want to buy a roland juno-60. i can link my soundcloud if anyone is interested in hearing weird ‘80s synthpop made with all genuine analog equipment and no DAWs. ok thanks. bye everyone. i love you all and understand what youre going through because i am too and i just want everybody to be strong.  goodbye for now.
8y30so,149,162,ADR,Maniac crisis,seroquel,seroquel,Nootropics and Bipolar Disorder (L-theanine + Caffeine) Hi,  10 years ago I was diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder and since then have had as much as 7 Maniac crisis so far. They only happen if I start losing sleep + diminishing or stopping my valproic acid + seroquel. I'm now very disciplined taking my meds in the right quantities and getting good sleep. I'm an eSport athlete and also work professionally in a really competitive environment so I thought about getting L-theanine + Caffeine pills to enhance my focus and cognitive performance on my daily affairs or just when I feel I need a little boost.  So the question is, by having Bipolar Disorder is it safe to take nootropics without a risk of getting a new Maniac Crisis? would L-theanine + Caffeine pills be safe if I keep taking my medications?  Thanks in advance
8xvc1j,19,26,ADR,sedated,seroquel,seroquel,I don’t like being sedated I have to be mildly sedated to function without freaking out. I don’t like it. I take 200mg of Seroquel when I wake up then 100mg during lunch.
8zhtai,179,197,ADR,red spots on penis,paxil,paxil,NSFW red bumps on head of penis. 18, male, 6ft, 200 lbs, white,  united states,  taking welbutrin and paxil,  tobacco free for a month and a half  just noticed it earlier today,  red spots on penis, slight irritation.  https://imgur.com/OKHcShA
8zhtai,206,216,ADR,irritation,paxil,paxil,NSFW red bumps on head of penis. 18, male, 6ft, 200 lbs, white,  united states,  taking welbutrin and paxil,  tobacco free for a month and a half  just noticed it earlier today,  red spots on penis, slight irritation.  https://imgur.com/OKHcShA
8yxu62,1047,1055,ADR,nauseous,paxil,paxil,Finally choosing to handle my anxiety issues To start off. I have overwhelming anxiety and panic disorder. Those two things compliment my life like pb and j. Its to the point where it is unbearable to do everyday things and I just want to be alone to not experience these feelings.   I used to self medicate with etizolam, Xanax, clonazolam, and other RC benzos back when QEUSA was a thing 😁✌   As of the past year, I haven't been handling my anxiety too and I have been just dealing with it everyday, staying sober, but not doing anything about medication management. It's been hell to be honest.  Which brings me to my point of this post, early August I have an appointment with my psychiatrist that I haven't seen in a long time. I have an idea what I want to be prescribed to help me, but I don't want to come off like a drug seeking individual. Any advice on my meeting? I should just be honest as I did in this post, maybe exclude me self-medicating, but tell her about my anxiety and panics? I've already been on Paxil and that has made me nauseous and dizzy.   I just want to go about this the best way possible ✌  I still have 50x DRC Clam pellets but i do not touch those anymore. Not my solution, just a fun time.
8yxu62,1060,1065,ADR,dizzy,paxil,paxil,Finally choosing to handle my anxiety issues To start off. I have overwhelming anxiety and panic disorder. Those two things compliment my life like pb and j. Its to the point where it is unbearable to do everyday things and I just want to be alone to not experience these feelings.   I used to self medicate with etizolam, Xanax, clonazolam, and other RC benzos back when QEUSA was a thing 😁✌   As of the past year, I haven't been handling my anxiety too and I have been just dealing with it everyday, staying sober, but not doing anything about medication management. It's been hell to be honest.  Which brings me to my point of this post, early August I have an appointment with my psychiatrist that I haven't seen in a long time. I have an idea what I want to be prescribed to help me, but I don't want to come off like a drug seeking individual. Any advice on my meeting? I should just be honest as I did in this post, maybe exclude me self-medicating, but tell her about my anxiety and panics? I've already been on Paxil and that has made me nauseous and dizzy.   I just want to go about this the best way possible ✌  I still have 50x DRC Clam pellets but i do not touch those anymore. Not my solution, just a fun time.
8yxak6,27,33,ADR,nausea,paxil,paxil,Kratom + Lithium Orotate = nausea? As the title says, mixing Kratom with Lithium Orotate gives me strong nausea feeling, to the point that I had to lay down.   First time I mixed the two I didn't connect the dots, but the second time I figured it out.  Can someone explain the science behind this.   I'm a long time Kratom user, I use it mainly for energy as I suffer from fatigue. I barely using it these days, only when necessary.  Lithium Orotate, which I discovered recently,  relaxes me and slow my running thoughts, it helped me cut on smoking, it helped finally set down and think, whereas I would always had my brain constantly on turbo and I always was holding my phone to keep it busy.  I'm also on Strattera and Paxil.
8yvj5n,174,184,ADR,depression,paxil,paxil,Feel like complete shit off of wellbutrin and paxil. Don't know what to do except cycle kratom I started buproprion and paxil like a year ago because had a real bad month of depression.   I'm off now for like a few months and I feel real shitty, waves of agony that last days. Bed ridden.   I don't know what to do for myself except to cycle Kratom, dxm, and low dose THC. The pain is making me desperate and lazy.   I never felt this before starting my antidepressants. I was pretty great before them, just the month of depression.   What other legal drugs can I use to kill my pain and"pad out" my cycle (I don't want any more physical dependencies).  I take my vitamins and try to exercise all I can and go for walks and hikes. The misery totally cripples me though so that I'm just in bed suffering writhing in discomfort.   My discomfort could be caused by Kratom withdrawals as well as I was a daily user a month ago, now I only use bi weekly.
8yvj5n,377,381,ADR,pain,paxil,paxil,Feel like complete shit off of wellbutrin and paxil. Don't know what to do except cycle kratom I started buproprion and paxil like a year ago because had a real bad month of depression.   I'm off now for like a few months and I feel real shitty, waves of agony that last days. Bed ridden.   I don't know what to do for myself except to cycle Kratom, dxm, and low dose THC. The pain is making me desperate and lazy.   I never felt this before starting my antidepressants. I was pretty great before them, just the month of depression.   What other legal drugs can I use to kill my pain and"pad out" my cycle (I don't want any more physical dependencies).  I take my vitamins and try to exercise all I can and go for walks and hikes. The misery totally cripples me though so that I'm just in bed suffering writhing in discomfort.   My discomfort could be caused by Kratom withdrawals as well as I was a daily user a month ago, now I only use bi weekly.
8yvj5n,815,825,ADR,discomfort,paxil,paxil,Feel like complete shit off of wellbutrin and paxil. Don't know what to do except cycle kratom I started buproprion and paxil like a year ago because had a real bad month of depression.   I'm off now for like a few months and I feel real shitty, waves of agony that last days. Bed ridden.   I don't know what to do for myself except to cycle Kratom, dxm, and low dose THC. The pain is making me desperate and lazy.   I never felt this before starting my antidepressants. I was pretty great before them, just the month of depression.   What other legal drugs can I use to kill my pain and"pad out" my cycle (I don't want any more physical dependencies).  I take my vitamins and try to exercise all I can and go for walks and hikes. The misery totally cripples me though so that I'm just in bed suffering writhing in discomfort.   My discomfort could be caused by Kratom withdrawals as well as I was a daily user a month ago, now I only use bi weekly.
8yvj5n,869,880,ADR,withdrawals,paxil,paxil,Feel like complete shit off of wellbutrin and paxil. Don't know what to do except cycle kratom I started buproprion and paxil like a year ago because had a real bad month of depression.   I'm off now for like a few months and I feel real shitty, waves of agony that last days. Bed ridden.   I don't know what to do for myself except to cycle Kratom, dxm, and low dose THC. The pain is making me desperate and lazy.   I never felt this before starting my antidepressants. I was pretty great before them, just the month of depression.   What other legal drugs can I use to kill my pain and"pad out" my cycle (I don't want any more physical dependencies).  I take my vitamins and try to exercise all I can and go for walks and hikes. The misery totally cripples me though so that I'm just in bed suffering writhing in discomfort.   My discomfort could be caused by Kratom withdrawals as well as I was a daily user a month ago, now I only use bi weekly.
8yqz5l,0,22,ADR,Static electric shocks,paxil,paxil,Static electric shocks inside of my head I get  random  sharp pain anywhere in my body, like being poked with a needle, and then immediately an electric zap inside of my brain.   It feels and “sounds” like an electrical shock inside of my head but it’s always preceded by a sharp stabbing sensation anywhere else.  Oh I wish I saw this sooner, because this will get buried. I’m really curious what it is and if anyone else has it.  I’m 48F 5’8 and 154pounds. Propranolol for migraines and Paxil 20mg to control panic attacks. I should add I’m NOT anxious or stressed when it happens. It’s completely random.
8yqv0a,705,715,ADR,withdrawal,paxil,paxil,Dizzy spells at night (Paxil-newly sober) So I quit drinking 15 days ago after a 7 month binge. I’ve struggled with alcohol for the past 15 years. About 6 years ago I was withdrawing from alcohol and along with detox meds was put on Paxil. Started at 10mg, now I’m on 60mg, dr kept upping the dose cause i was slip back into anxiety. I first experienced these dizzy spells while I was sober and forgot to take my Paxil one day. The following day it was like I’d be walking and just felt like my head spun real quick or the ground below me waved, only while standing though, never sitting or laying. Fast forward to last August I entered a rehab for my drinking, was given Valium for like ten days for the withdrawals, then weaned down thruout the last few days. The first few nights off of the Valium I felt these dizzy spells at night. Same as if I didn’t take a Paxil. They passed with time, I wasn’t drinking nearly as much or as long I was sober a while and relapsed for like two weeks before entering this rehab. Now fast forward to November. I thought it was a good idea to drink again, immediately started noticing the dizzy spells while drinking. Some days were worse, some days were non existent. So 15 days ago I realized that I’m in my mid 30’s drinking alone drinking entirely too much, like ridiculously too much, and I wasn’t feeling good. It wasn’t working like it did before. It honestly hasn’t in years. So I went to the dr and got a 10 day Librium with drawl protocol and now I’m off the Librium 5 days and off the alcohol 15 days and feel good and motivated about it. It was my decision and I wasn’t forced into rehab or to get sober by family or law enforcement. I want it. But now I’m getting these dizzy spells, at night around dusk they start and it’s like every time I stand up. Starting to scare me. Hoping it will pass soon. I guess I’m posting this to see if anyone has any advice, experience, or even critism. I’m also very Overweight, case of beers almost daily will do that. And I take lisinopril (BP) and breo (asthma) in the morning. And remeron (sleep) and clonodine (sleep/BP) and a antihistamine (sleep) at night cause I have insomnia for sure. I also quit smoking the same day I quit drinking. Thanks all who read.   tl;dr - - - I’m a fat ass whos been abusing his body with alcohol and cigs for over a decade and take pills for anxiety depression and sleep and have dizzy spells. Help?
8yqv0a,360,372,ADR,dizzy spells,paxil,paxil,Dizzy spells at night (Paxil-newly sober) So I quit drinking 15 days ago after a 7 month binge. I’ve struggled with alcohol for the past 15 years. About 6 years ago I was withdrawing from alcohol and along with detox meds was put on Paxil. Started at 10mg, now I’m on 60mg, dr kept upping the dose cause i was slip back into anxiety. I first experienced these dizzy spells while I was sober and forgot to take my Paxil one day. The following day it was like I’d be walking and just felt like my head spun real quick or the ground below me waved, only while standing though, never sitting or laying. Fast forward to last August I entered a rehab for my drinking, was given Valium for like ten days for the withdrawals, then weaned down thruout the last few days. The first few nights off of the Valium I felt these dizzy spells at night. Same as if I didn’t take a Paxil. They passed with time, I wasn’t drinking nearly as much or as long I was sober a while and relapsed for like two weeks before entering this rehab. Now fast forward to November. I thought it was a good idea to drink again, immediately started noticing the dizzy spells while drinking. Some days were worse, some days were non existent. So 15 days ago I realized that I’m in my mid 30’s drinking alone drinking entirely too much, like ridiculously too much, and I wasn’t feeling good. It wasn’t working like it did before. It honestly hasn’t in years. So I went to the dr and got a 10 day Librium with drawl protocol and now I’m off the Librium 5 days and off the alcohol 15 days and feel good and motivated about it. It was my decision and I wasn’t forced into rehab or to get sober by family or law enforcement. I want it. But now I’m getting these dizzy spells, at night around dusk they start and it’s like every time I stand up. Starting to scare me. Hoping it will pass soon. I guess I’m posting this to see if anyone has any advice, experience, or even critism. I’m also very Overweight, case of beers almost daily will do that. And I take lisinopril (BP) and breo (asthma) in the morning. And remeron (sleep) and clonodine (sleep/BP) and a antihistamine (sleep) at night cause I have insomnia for sure. I also quit smoking the same day I quit drinking. Thanks all who read.   tl;dr - - - I’m a fat ass whos been abusing his body with alcohol and cigs for over a decade and take pills for anxiety depression and sleep and have dizzy spells. Help?
8yqv0a,2161,2169,ADR,insomnia,paxil,paxil,Dizzy spells at night (Paxil-newly sober) So I quit drinking 15 days ago after a 7 month binge. I’ve struggled with alcohol for the past 15 years. About 6 years ago I was withdrawing from alcohol and along with detox meds was put on Paxil. Started at 10mg, now I’m on 60mg, dr kept upping the dose cause i was slip back into anxiety. I first experienced these dizzy spells while I was sober and forgot to take my Paxil one day. The following day it was like I’d be walking and just felt like my head spun real quick or the ground below me waved, only while standing though, never sitting or laying. Fast forward to last August I entered a rehab for my drinking, was given Valium for like ten days for the withdrawals, then weaned down thruout the last few days. The first few nights off of the Valium I felt these dizzy spells at night. Same as if I didn’t take a Paxil. They passed with time, I wasn’t drinking nearly as much or as long I was sober a while and relapsed for like two weeks before entering this rehab. Now fast forward to November. I thought it was a good idea to drink again, immediately started noticing the dizzy spells while drinking. Some days were worse, some days were non existent. So 15 days ago I realized that I’m in my mid 30’s drinking alone drinking entirely too much, like ridiculously too much, and I wasn’t feeling good. It wasn’t working like it did before. It honestly hasn’t in years. So I went to the dr and got a 10 day Librium with drawl protocol and now I’m off the Librium 5 days and off the alcohol 15 days and feel good and motivated about it. It was my decision and I wasn’t forced into rehab or to get sober by family or law enforcement. I want it. But now I’m getting these dizzy spells, at night around dusk they start and it’s like every time I stand up. Starting to scare me. Hoping it will pass soon. I guess I’m posting this to see if anyone has any advice, experience, or even critism. I’m also very Overweight, case of beers almost daily will do that. And I take lisinopril (BP) and breo (asthma) in the morning. And remeron (sleep) and clonodine (sleep/BP) and a antihistamine (sleep) at night cause I have insomnia for sure. I also quit smoking the same day I quit drinking. Thanks all who read.   tl;dr - - - I’m a fat ass whos been abusing his body with alcohol and cigs for over a decade and take pills for anxiety depression and sleep and have dizzy spells. Help?
8yhnyv,331,346,ADR,oil in my urine,paxil,paxil,Ketones in urine, unintentional weight loss F 26 126 lbs/5’6” USA   Medications: Tri Sprintec birth control, Paxil 20mg (3 days), digestive enzymes (Super Digestaway brand)  Duration of complaint: ~1 month (possibly 3?)  Hello everyone,   I’m hoping to get some answers because I’m a little stumped and worried. I’ve been noticing oil in my urine for about a month now, and I had a urinalysis which confirmed that I have ketones in my urine. I am not on the keto diet nor do I restrict calories. I have lost a few pounds this month without trying. I’m not rigorously exercising, either. I had been having gastric issues which seem to have been improving, but could this be  GI related? It’s important for me to mention that I do not currently have insurance.  Thank you.
8yd5xd,454,464,ADR,withdrawls,paxil,paxil,My experiences, Also looking for similar experiences/answers I'll try and keep this as brief as possible because it's long.  Recovered alcoholic for 13 years tomorrow. Dealt with bad depression afterwards, was on anti depressants for almost 10 years \[paxil\].   Decided one day I would come off \[last August\] them only tapering for 7 days \[upon my general practitioners request smh\] needless to say that 2 months was a terrible time for me with the withdrawls. They say you need a stable lifestyle to come off them, during that phase. Well it wasn't and a bunch of bad stuff happened. Anyways  Then in January I went to a psychologist and we did EMDR and she revealed to me that I suffered child abuse \[which also made sense to me\]. after 2 sessions I started getting really bad anxiety attacks and panic attacks. I am still not on anti depressants but they switched my ADHD meds afterward. I also gave up drinking caffeine because of this which helped a lot with the attacks they occur less frequently now but I still have them.  My problem now is that I seem to hold my breath a lot and not breathe properly, my resting heart rate is always really high \[lying down it's like 96-100 most of the time\]. I go to the gym every day and do cardio and it slows it down a bit but not much. Does anyone have similar experiences ? Is this maybe my body adjusting with not being on anti depressants anymore? I also lost close to 40 pounds since last year since I came off them too. I also have a really hard time winding down at night to go to sleep  It's also not ideal because I work out of town by myself all the time with no co workers.  The self care things I do:   1. Meditate twice a day \[when waking up then before sleep\] 2. Pray several times a day 3. Go to AA meetings 4. Talk on the phone to a friend once a day or twice a day \[I often cry every day when I talk to someone about myself\] 5. Staying single because I know I have to in my life right now  I also have really low self esteem I don't know how to really build that up anymore.  If anyone has any suggestions or experiences regarding the high pulse and the not breathing properly let me know. I know the not breathing properly thing was happening before I did the EMDR. Thanks Reddit &lt;3
8yd5xd,794,801,ADR,attacks,paxil,paxil,My experiences, Also looking for similar experiences/answers I'll try and keep this as brief as possible because it's long.  Recovered alcoholic for 13 years tomorrow. Dealt with bad depression afterwards, was on anti depressants for almost 10 years \[paxil\].   Decided one day I would come off \[last August\] them only tapering for 7 days \[upon my general practitioners request smh\] needless to say that 2 months was a terrible time for me with the withdrawls. They say you need a stable lifestyle to come off them, during that phase. Well it wasn't and a bunch of bad stuff happened. Anyways  Then in January I went to a psychologist and we did EMDR and she revealed to me that I suffered child abuse \[which also made sense to me\]. after 2 sessions I started getting really bad anxiety attacks and panic attacks. I am still not on anti depressants but they switched my ADHD meds afterward. I also gave up drinking caffeine because of this which helped a lot with the attacks they occur less frequently now but I still have them.  My problem now is that I seem to hold my breath a lot and not breathe properly, my resting heart rate is always really high \[lying down it's like 96-100 most of the time\]. I go to the gym every day and do cardio and it slows it down a bit but not much. Does anyone have similar experiences ? Is this maybe my body adjusting with not being on anti depressants anymore? I also lost close to 40 pounds since last year since I came off them too. I also have a really hard time winding down at night to go to sleep  It's also not ideal because I work out of town by myself all the time with no co workers.  The self care things I do:   1. Meditate twice a day \[when waking up then before sleep\] 2. Pray several times a day 3. Go to AA meetings 4. Talk on the phone to a friend once a day or twice a day \[I often cry every day when I talk to someone about myself\] 5. Staying single because I know I have to in my life right now  I also have really low self esteem I don't know how to really build that up anymore.  If anyone has any suggestions or experiences regarding the high pulse and the not breathing properly let me know. I know the not breathing properly thing was happening before I did the EMDR. Thanks Reddit &lt;3
8yaisd,265,275,ADR,depression,paxil,paxil,I lose interest in everything I do (ADD) I’ve had this problem since about 16 or 17 years old (currently 20) where no matter what I start to do as a hobby at activity I very quickly lose interest. Aside from ADD I suffer from pretty severe anxiety as well as heavy depression. It usually takes a few days but I never remain interested in something for more than two weeks, but when I am interested in it I go all out. Whatever I’m doing has 120% of my interest and it’s all I can think about while at work or doing anything else. This oftentimes leads me to blowing money on hobbies I’ll quickly lose interest in. Sometimes it’s because I’m not good at it but almost always it’s something I at least have some ability to do. Wether it be hiking, 3D modeling, game design, video games, playing a certain instrument etc. I’ll still lose interest. This is so frustrating because I have no hobbies to identify with and some I’ve never spent a good amount of time learning or practicing something it’s lead to me not really being good at anything at all.  The only thing I have consistently stayed with is going to the gym, where I do powerlifting and strongman. I believe this is because I don’t have very good self image so I can’t let myself not be physically fit.  I’m currently on Paxil for anxiety and panic but in the last week or two I started Wellbutrin for my ADD but it has been making my depression so bad that I find myself not doing anything at all and just sitting or laying in bed mindlessly watching videos and zoning out sort of on autopilot so I don’t know if I’ll be continuing with it. Any advice would be greatly appreciated.
8ya2a5,89,98,ADR,depressed,paxil,paxil,What is wrong with me? I got some gelcaps because I downed cough syrup when I was really depressed and the dxm high really calmed me down. When they came in I tried some again when I was a little sad and the next day I became really depressed so I took the rest in a fit of not caring.   I was a little ok at first then I started crying so much. I wanted to die so much. It was like how I was 2 years ago when I wanted to die every single day. I then went from being ok to being really depressed until I went to sleep. I woke up today still a pretty depressed. After a while I gradually became better. I am mostly ok right now but nearly every emotion is intensified right now. Anything can set me off crying. Is this the afterglow? Has anyone else experienced this?  Some important notes. My first dose was only 4 pills to see if that was enough. My next was 100 mg then 150 mg the next day. I take 50mg of paxil a day for anxiety and depression I KNOW that is a bad mix. I was fully aware of serotonin syndrome but when you are really depressed you stop caring. You just want to find anything to stop being sad. I thought a low dose would make it ok. I feel really dumb doing this and I just want to know if someone else has had some other kind of experience like this
8y62c9,613,625,ADR,no sex drive,paxil,paxil,SSRIs and constant fear of cheating killing our relationship [21M][21F] My girlfriend and I have been dating for approximately three years, with a half year breakup somewhere in the middle when she came out as Bi and wanted to date women. I supported it and wished her well on that, because you know, yolo, but when things didn’t work out between her girlfriend and her, we wound up giving things a shot again.  Our sex life had always been pretty decent. She has never been one to initiate anything per say and her sex drive ebbs and flows. However, ever since she began taking Paxil for her anxiety she has had no sex drive whatsoever. She usually has to get very drunk before she wants to have sex with me and at that point I don’t have any interest because, why does she have to be drunk to have sex with me, you know? I try to cuddle she shrugs me off, I try to see if she’s interested in sex she sometimes starts crying. She swears she’s attracted to me but she just has no sex drive and “can’t make herself want to have sex with me” which I try to not take too personally. I’ve given her full autonomy to hook up with girls if she wants and she doesn’t, which she used to, do I don’t think it’s a gender thing.  She has always been very insecure and afraid of me cheating. She regularly has dreams of me cheating and is of the opinion that most men are naturally cheaters, especially when their partner is not having sex with them, as the man will just go get sex elsewhere. She told me when drunk that “Sometimes I wish you would cheat on me so I can just leave.” She gets jealous REAL quick. She considers me watching porn cheating. She thought spam messages my account got on HER ps4 were girls I was cheating on her with. She flips out when I get a Snapchat from any female she doesn’t recognize (most recently an old High school friend saying the words “good luck” to a post about my new job). She made me delete and unfriend every girl I ever had any romantic attraction to off every social media. I feel it’s pretty over the top as I’ve never cheated on her.  Last time we broke up she attempted suicide by ODing on her meds. We currently live together in a little apartment by our university and I worry if I were to leave she wouldn’t be able to make rent and her mental health would also suffer greatly. I also feel pretty shitty that the lack of sex is bothering me this much. Like twice this summer to my memory?  Any input about my situation is worthwhile to me as I’m kinda losing my compass on how to judge the situation. Too far into it to have a clear head so to say.
8y1ek7,299,305,ADR,groggy,paxil,paxil,To quit now or later? 4 months sober from weed until about 2 weeks ago when in a drunken night out I took some edibles and have been smoking every day since then   I also recently (for the past 5 days) have forgotten to take my SSRI (Paxil) and the night before last it really hit me. I was feeling groggy, cloudy, sick to my stomach, heart racing, etc. I picked up a refill on that medication yesterday and I’m just waiting for it to get back in my body.   My question is, does it make sense to try to stop this relapse when I’m feeling extra shitty from these med withdrawals, or should I wait a few days until my meds kick back in and I’m feeling more mentally capable?
8y1ek7,307,313,ADR,cloudy,paxil,paxil,To quit now or later? 4 months sober from weed until about 2 weeks ago when in a drunken night out I took some edibles and have been smoking every day since then   I also recently (for the past 5 days) have forgotten to take my SSRI (Paxil) and the night before last it really hit me. I was feeling groggy, cloudy, sick to my stomach, heart racing, etc. I picked up a refill on that medication yesterday and I’m just waiting for it to get back in my body.   My question is, does it make sense to try to stop this relapse when I’m feeling extra shitty from these med withdrawals, or should I wait a few days until my meds kick back in and I’m feeling more mentally capable?
8y1ek7,315,333,ADR,sick to my stomach,paxil,paxil,To quit now or later? 4 months sober from weed until about 2 weeks ago when in a drunken night out I took some edibles and have been smoking every day since then   I also recently (for the past 5 days) have forgotten to take my SSRI (Paxil) and the night before last it really hit me. I was feeling groggy, cloudy, sick to my stomach, heart racing, etc. I picked up a refill on that medication yesterday and I’m just waiting for it to get back in my body.   My question is, does it make sense to try to stop this relapse when I’m feeling extra shitty from these med withdrawals, or should I wait a few days until my meds kick back in and I’m feeling more mentally capable?
8y1ek7,335,347,ADR,heart racing,paxil,paxil,To quit now or later? 4 months sober from weed until about 2 weeks ago when in a drunken night out I took some edibles and have been smoking every day since then   I also recently (for the past 5 days) have forgotten to take my SSRI (Paxil) and the night before last it really hit me. I was feeling groggy, cloudy, sick to my stomach, heart racing, etc. I picked up a refill on that medication yesterday and I’m just waiting for it to get back in my body.   My question is, does it make sense to try to stop this relapse when I’m feeling extra shitty from these med withdrawals, or should I wait a few days until my meds kick back in and I’m feeling more mentally capable?
8y1ek7,566,577,ADR,withdrawals,paxil,paxil,To quit now or later? 4 months sober from weed until about 2 weeks ago when in a drunken night out I took some edibles and have been smoking every day since then   I also recently (for the past 5 days) have forgotten to take my SSRI (Paxil) and the night before last it really hit me. I was feeling groggy, cloudy, sick to my stomach, heart racing, etc. I picked up a refill on that medication yesterday and I’m just waiting for it to get back in my body.   My question is, does it make sense to try to stop this relapse when I’m feeling extra shitty from these med withdrawals, or should I wait a few days until my meds kick back in and I’m feeling more mentally capable?
8xx6mf,263,271,ADR,fatigued,paxil,paxil,Thinking about switching from Paxil to Prozac Hey guys, I've been taking Paxil 20mg for about three months now for general and social anxiety and PE. Overall, it has a helped quite a lot and pretty much taken away all of my anxiety. Only problem is I have become fatigued over the last month. I struggle to get to sleep but as soon as I fall asleep I will be out for at least 10 hours, any less than that and I will feel very groggy for the rest of the day. Would it be worth switching to Prozac to try and negate these side effects? Also would I get any withdrawal from Paxil if I made this switch?
8xx6mf,555,565,ADR,withdrawal,paxil,paxil,Thinking about switching from Paxil to Prozac Hey guys, I've been taking Paxil 20mg for about three months now for general and social anxiety and PE. Overall, it has a helped quite a lot and pretty much taken away all of my anxiety. Only problem is I have become fatigued over the last month. I struggle to get to sleep but as soon as I fall asleep I will be out for at least 10 hours, any less than that and I will feel very groggy for the rest of the day. Would it be worth switching to Prozac to try and negate these side effects? Also would I get any withdrawal from Paxil if I made this switch?
8xwc93,1198,1208,ADR,nightmares,paxil,paxil,Question: Does it ever get better? Like a lot better? Even with medication. A year and a half a go my roughly 4 year relationship violently ended, she beat the shit out of me and tried to have me arrested (it wasn't the first time she hit me either, it happened about 4 times over the year until the end). I ultimately     realized, about a year after the end of our relationship, that from the get go she seemed to suck the life/fun out of everything we did together. I used to be a very happy person, enjoying school and life; traveling, focusing on my doctorate, research, competitions, and everything else... However, when I started seeing this girl it seemed to drain away and fast.... Fast forward, about 6 months after things ended I was clinically diagnosed with depression, and prescribed 30mg Paxil a day. I guess it helps for the most part, but I still feel lifeless inside, the same way I felt shortly after this relationship began. My question is: does it ever get better? I mean, like will these feelings pass, with medication and all? Will I ever be able to have my old emotions and feelings again? It (Paxil) has stabilize me but at the same time I still have what I would consider nightmares about her. I still feel empty, emotionless, neither happy nor sad, just nothing..... Just like I am living on day-to-day with no purpose or end in sight. I even came to find out that she blames me for her own depression and everything that happened between us, it make me feel shitty overall and even with medication I just really want this this to pass, to be the old me again....... So here I am reaching out on the interwebs for some insight...... hopeful that I can eventually just be me again.....
8xu2g0,190,197,ADR,anxiety,paxil,paxil,Experiences with Trintellix? My doctor just put me on Trintellix and I'm curious if anyone here has tried it and what kind of results they had. I was on Paxil for a few weeks and it made my anxiety and flashbacks a lot worse so I'm really hoping I get some relief on this new stuff.
8xu2g0,202,212,ADR,flashbacks,paxil,paxil,Experiences with Trintellix? My doctor just put me on Trintellix and I'm curious if anyone here has tried it and what kind of results they had. I was on Paxil for a few weeks and it made my anxiety and flashbacks a lot worse so I'm really hoping I get some relief on this new stuff.
8zorxr,175,184,ADR,exhausted,trazodone,trazodone,Will a low dose of Wellbutrin raise my heart rate and should I add it to my SSRI? I've been on citalopram for 36 days, and ever since I titrated up to 20mg 11 days ago I'm so exhausted that I instinctively lie down as soon as I'm done standing, instead of sitting, so I can recover from standing. I only can manage standing for short periods to do things I have to like clean the litter box or prepare food, then I collapse on my back again, exhausted. Also, the citalopram has reduced my blood pressure, it used to be in the 90s now it's always in the 80s.   My question is would adding a small amount of Wellbutrin, like 75 mg or half of that give me back the energy that citalopram takes away? Also, does Wellbutrin increase heart rate? I ask because I already take adderall and it increases my heart rate more than ideal already so I'm wondering if Wellbutrin does the same because it's an "energizing " antidepressant? I tried Wellbutrin 9 years ago but I was immediately put on 300mg and I had a VERY bad reaction. Later I tried cutting that in half , and then into quarters ( so 75mg) and I still felt the beginnings of extreme agitation coming on, which is why I wonder about cutting the lowest dose in half. Would adding Wellbutrin to my citalopram be a good idea to suggest to my doctor? I'm not able to see a psychiatrist. I'm F38, 5'5", 125 pounds. Conditions:POTS Medications: adderall, trazodone, citalopram. Thanks for any input!
8zorxr,478,503,ADR,reduced my blood pressure,trazodone,trazodone,Will a low dose of Wellbutrin raise my heart rate and should I add it to my SSRI? I've been on citalopram for 36 days, and ever since I titrated up to 20mg 11 days ago I'm so exhausted that I instinctively lie down as soon as I'm done standing, instead of sitting, so I can recover from standing. I only can manage standing for short periods to do things I have to like clean the litter box or prepare food, then I collapse on my back again, exhausted. Also, the citalopram has reduced my blood pressure, it used to be in the 90s now it's always in the 80s.   My question is would adding a small amount of Wellbutrin, like 75 mg or half of that give me back the energy that citalopram takes away? Also, does Wellbutrin increase heart rate? I ask because I already take adderall and it increases my heart rate more than ideal already so I'm wondering if Wellbutrin does the same because it's an "energizing " antidepressant? I tried Wellbutrin 9 years ago but I was immediately put on 300mg and I had a VERY bad reaction. Later I tried cutting that in half , and then into quarters ( so 75mg) and I still felt the beginnings of extreme agitation coming on, which is why I wonder about cutting the lowest dose in half. Would adding Wellbutrin to my citalopram be a good idea to suggest to my doctor? I'm not able to see a psychiatrist. I'm F38, 5'5", 125 pounds. Conditions:POTS Medications: adderall, trazodone, citalopram. Thanks for any input!
8zorxr,1135,1144,ADR,agitation,wellbutrin,wellbutrin,Will a low dose of Wellbutrin raise my heart rate and should I add it to my SSRI? I've been on citalopram for 36 days, and ever since I titrated up to 20mg 11 days ago I'm so exhausted that I instinctively lie down as soon as I'm done standing, instead of sitting, so I can recover from standing. I only can manage standing for short periods to do things I have to like clean the litter box or prepare food, then I collapse on my back again, exhausted. Also, the citalopram has reduced my blood pressure, it used to be in the 90s now it's always in the 80s.   My question is would adding a small amount of Wellbutrin, like 75 mg or half of that give me back the energy that citalopram takes away? Also, does Wellbutrin increase heart rate? I ask because I already take adderall and it increases my heart rate more than ideal already so I'm wondering if Wellbutrin does the same because it's an "energizing " antidepressant? I tried Wellbutrin 9 years ago but I was immediately put on 300mg and I had a VERY bad reaction. Later I tried cutting that in half , and then into quarters ( so 75mg) and I still felt the beginnings of extreme agitation coming on, which is why I wonder about cutting the lowest dose in half. Would adding Wellbutrin to my citalopram be a good idea to suggest to my doctor? I'm not able to see a psychiatrist. I'm F38, 5'5", 125 pounds. Conditions:POTS Medications: adderall, trazodone, citalopram. Thanks for any input!
8zip2g,332,356,ADR,lowers my blood pressure,trazodone,trazodone,Midodrine permanently lowered my blood pressure today, is it safe to take trazodone for sleep? I took 10mg of midodrine today at 1:45 pm. It actually lowered my blood pressure instead of raising it. It's now 1am and I've been waiting for it to wear off so I can take my trazodone to sleep as I do every night, but my trazodone also lowers my blood pressure so maybe it's dangerous? My blood pressure now is 72/60 lower than when I first took it. What did it do to me? Am I in a danger zone to take a trazodone to sleep? I feel like I'll be up all night if I wait for the midodrine to wear off since I never sleep naturally.  F38, 135 pounds, 5'5". Conditions POTS, medications adderall, citalopram, trazodone.  This is another post I wrote for background on the midodrine lowering my blood pressure.
8za7q5,11,19,ADR,insomnia,trazodone,trazodone,Could your insomnia be due to mania? Maybe you just need Trazodone? Rainy Mood? I’ve been off my bipolar meds (on a medication holiday) for the past 3 weeks and my insomnia is back, so here I am.   Just a thought— could undiagnosed bipolar disorder be the cause of your insomina (could this be mania)? I’ve had insomnia since high school, got diagnosed with bipolar disorder in my early 20s, and now I’m in my early 30s. Tried lots of meds, therapy, yoga, then ended up with cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) which was a life saver for my mood disorder. Since then, I’ve just been on maintenance meds. When I’m medicated for my bipolar disorder, I sleep really well. It’s amazing. They aren’t sedating meds, so if I have a little trouble sleeping now, I just use [rainy mood](rainymood.com) which helps me fall asleep within ~30 mins. When I’m off my meds... forget it. I’m up til 4am or pulling all-nighters for no good reason. Anxious. Exhausted. Restless. Wide-awake. I’ve had multiple drug holidays (which have sometimes lasted a couple years) and I’ve been doing well for awhile so my doc said I could try another holiday or stick to the meds since they’re maintaining things well, but I went to Napa recently and can’t drink on my meds so I elected to take the holiday and see how I do, but it didn’t last and I’ve come to accept the inevitable, that bipolar disorder is something that is chronic that will need chronic lifelong therapy and have decided to stop taking medication holidays so I can have continued stability. You can’t tell I have bipolar when I’m on meds so there’s really no good reason for me to take med holidays (except that my artwork suffers when I’m stable and that I can’t have more than half a glass of wine for safety reasons). I just can’t afford to be crazy and have the insomnia that goes along with it.   Maybe someone on here has bipolar disorder too and isn’t aware of it.   Maybe you don’t and could ask your doctors about Trazodone. Great for sleep, neurocognition, certain mood disorders (depression). I don’t take it because my other meds have improved my sleep, but it’a an option for people without mood disorders too. Ps. I’m not sharing which meds I’m on because they aren’t sedating and every person responds to medications differently. So the therapy I’m on may not work for you and it’s something you should see a psychiatrist for. I’m a different kind of physician and respect the boundaries of our professions and the rules of Reddit, so please don’t ask me. :)  Also, it’s free to use the website, so check out [rainy mood](rainymood.com)— I keep the volume just low enough that I can hear it and have it play all night. The app’s $2.99, but I always leave my phone on my charger overnight so I haven’t downloaded it. It’s great for people who don’t want to take meds and sleep well during rainstorms or who need an extra sleep aid. It works better for me than a sound machine.     TL;DR— Consider getting checked out for bipolar disorder. Consider asking your doctor about Trazodone. [Rainy Mood](rainymood.com) is a free website that could help you get some sleep!
8za7q5,30,35,ADR,mania,trazodone,trazodone,Could your insomnia be due to mania? Maybe you just need Trazodone? Rainy Mood? I’ve been off my bipolar meds (on a medication holiday) for the past 3 weeks and my insomnia is back, so here I am.   Just a thought— could undiagnosed bipolar disorder be the cause of your insomina (could this be mania)? I’ve had insomnia since high school, got diagnosed with bipolar disorder in my early 20s, and now I’m in my early 30s. Tried lots of meds, therapy, yoga, then ended up with cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) which was a life saver for my mood disorder. Since then, I’ve just been on maintenance meds. When I’m medicated for my bipolar disorder, I sleep really well. It’s amazing. They aren’t sedating meds, so if I have a little trouble sleeping now, I just use [rainy mood](rainymood.com) which helps me fall asleep within ~30 mins. When I’m off my meds... forget it. I’m up til 4am or pulling all-nighters for no good reason. Anxious. Exhausted. Restless. Wide-awake. I’ve had multiple drug holidays (which have sometimes lasted a couple years) and I’ve been doing well for awhile so my doc said I could try another holiday or stick to the meds since they’re maintaining things well, but I went to Napa recently and can’t drink on my meds so I elected to take the holiday and see how I do, but it didn’t last and I’ve come to accept the inevitable, that bipolar disorder is something that is chronic that will need chronic lifelong therapy and have decided to stop taking medication holidays so I can have continued stability. You can’t tell I have bipolar when I’m on meds so there’s really no good reason for me to take med holidays (except that my artwork suffers when I’m stable and that I can’t have more than half a glass of wine for safety reasons). I just can’t afford to be crazy and have the insomnia that goes along with it.   Maybe someone on here has bipolar disorder too and isn’t aware of it.   Maybe you don’t and could ask your doctors about Trazodone. Great for sleep, neurocognition, certain mood disorders (depression). I don’t take it because my other meds have improved my sleep, but it’a an option for people without mood disorders too. Ps. I’m not sharing which meds I’m on because they aren’t sedating and every person responds to medications differently. So the therapy I’m on may not work for you and it’s something you should see a psychiatrist for. I’m a different kind of physician and respect the boundaries of our professions and the rules of Reddit, so please don’t ask me. :)  Also, it’s free to use the website, so check out [rainy mood](rainymood.com)— I keep the volume just low enough that I can hear it and have it play all night. The app’s $2.99, but I always leave my phone on my charger overnight so I haven’t downloaded it. It’s great for people who don’t want to take meds and sleep well during rainstorms or who need an extra sleep aid. It works better for me than a sound machine.     TL;DR— Consider getting checked out for bipolar disorder. Consider asking your doctor about Trazodone. [Rainy Mood](rainymood.com) is a free website that could help you get some sleep!
8za7q5,930,937,ADR,Anxious,trazodone,trazodone,Could your insomnia be due to mania? Maybe you just need Trazodone? Rainy Mood? I’ve been off my bipolar meds (on a medication holiday) for the past 3 weeks and my insomnia is back, so here I am.   Just a thought— could undiagnosed bipolar disorder be the cause of your insomina (could this be mania)? I’ve had insomnia since high school, got diagnosed with bipolar disorder in my early 20s, and now I’m in my early 30s. Tried lots of meds, therapy, yoga, then ended up with cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) which was a life saver for my mood disorder. Since then, I’ve just been on maintenance meds. When I’m medicated for my bipolar disorder, I sleep really well. It’s amazing. They aren’t sedating meds, so if I have a little trouble sleeping now, I just use [rainy mood](rainymood.com) which helps me fall asleep within ~30 mins. When I’m off my meds... forget it. I’m up til 4am or pulling all-nighters for no good reason. Anxious. Exhausted. Restless. Wide-awake. I’ve had multiple drug holidays (which have sometimes lasted a couple years) and I’ve been doing well for awhile so my doc said I could try another holiday or stick to the meds since they’re maintaining things well, but I went to Napa recently and can’t drink on my meds so I elected to take the holiday and see how I do, but it didn’t last and I’ve come to accept the inevitable, that bipolar disorder is something that is chronic that will need chronic lifelong therapy and have decided to stop taking medication holidays so I can have continued stability. You can’t tell I have bipolar when I’m on meds so there’s really no good reason for me to take med holidays (except that my artwork suffers when I’m stable and that I can’t have more than half a glass of wine for safety reasons). I just can’t afford to be crazy and have the insomnia that goes along with it.   Maybe someone on here has bipolar disorder too and isn’t aware of it.   Maybe you don’t and could ask your doctors about Trazodone. Great for sleep, neurocognition, certain mood disorders (depression). I don’t take it because my other meds have improved my sleep, but it’a an option for people without mood disorders too. Ps. I’m not sharing which meds I’m on because they aren’t sedating and every person responds to medications differently. So the therapy I’m on may not work for you and it’s something you should see a psychiatrist for. I’m a different kind of physician and respect the boundaries of our professions and the rules of Reddit, so please don’t ask me. :)  Also, it’s free to use the website, so check out [rainy mood](rainymood.com)— I keep the volume just low enough that I can hear it and have it play all night. The app’s $2.99, but I always leave my phone on my charger overnight so I haven’t downloaded it. It’s great for people who don’t want to take meds and sleep well during rainstorms or who need an extra sleep aid. It works better for me than a sound machine.     TL;DR— Consider getting checked out for bipolar disorder. Consider asking your doctor about Trazodone. [Rainy Mood](rainymood.com) is a free website that could help you get some sleep!
8za7q5,939,948,ADR,Exhausted,trazodone,trazodone,Could your insomnia be due to mania? Maybe you just need Trazodone? Rainy Mood? I’ve been off my bipolar meds (on a medication holiday) for the past 3 weeks and my insomnia is back, so here I am.   Just a thought— could undiagnosed bipolar disorder be the cause of your insomina (could this be mania)? I’ve had insomnia since high school, got diagnosed with bipolar disorder in my early 20s, and now I’m in my early 30s. Tried lots of meds, therapy, yoga, then ended up with cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) which was a life saver for my mood disorder. Since then, I’ve just been on maintenance meds. When I’m medicated for my bipolar disorder, I sleep really well. It’s amazing. They aren’t sedating meds, so if I have a little trouble sleeping now, I just use [rainy mood](rainymood.com) which helps me fall asleep within ~30 mins. When I’m off my meds... forget it. I’m up til 4am or pulling all-nighters for no good reason. Anxious. Exhausted. Restless. Wide-awake. I’ve had multiple drug holidays (which have sometimes lasted a couple years) and I’ve been doing well for awhile so my doc said I could try another holiday or stick to the meds since they’re maintaining things well, but I went to Napa recently and can’t drink on my meds so I elected to take the holiday and see how I do, but it didn’t last and I’ve come to accept the inevitable, that bipolar disorder is something that is chronic that will need chronic lifelong therapy and have decided to stop taking medication holidays so I can have continued stability. You can’t tell I have bipolar when I’m on meds so there’s really no good reason for me to take med holidays (except that my artwork suffers when I’m stable and that I can’t have more than half a glass of wine for safety reasons). I just can’t afford to be crazy and have the insomnia that goes along with it.   Maybe someone on here has bipolar disorder too and isn’t aware of it.   Maybe you don’t and could ask your doctors about Trazodone. Great for sleep, neurocognition, certain mood disorders (depression). I don’t take it because my other meds have improved my sleep, but it’a an option for people without mood disorders too. Ps. I’m not sharing which meds I’m on because they aren’t sedating and every person responds to medications differently. So the therapy I’m on may not work for you and it’s something you should see a psychiatrist for. I’m a different kind of physician and respect the boundaries of our professions and the rules of Reddit, so please don’t ask me. :)  Also, it’s free to use the website, so check out [rainy mood](rainymood.com)— I keep the volume just low enough that I can hear it and have it play all night. The app’s $2.99, but I always leave my phone on my charger overnight so I haven’t downloaded it. It’s great for people who don’t want to take meds and sleep well during rainstorms or who need an extra sleep aid. It works better for me than a sound machine.     TL;DR— Consider getting checked out for bipolar disorder. Consider asking your doctor about Trazodone. [Rainy Mood](rainymood.com) is a free website that could help you get some sleep!
8za7q5,950,958,ADR,Restless,trazodone,trazodone,Could your insomnia be due to mania? Maybe you just need Trazodone? Rainy Mood? I’ve been off my bipolar meds (on a medication holiday) for the past 3 weeks and my insomnia is back, so here I am.   Just a thought— could undiagnosed bipolar disorder be the cause of your insomina (could this be mania)? I’ve had insomnia since high school, got diagnosed with bipolar disorder in my early 20s, and now I’m in my early 30s. Tried lots of meds, therapy, yoga, then ended up with cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) which was a life saver for my mood disorder. Since then, I’ve just been on maintenance meds. When I’m medicated for my bipolar disorder, I sleep really well. It’s amazing. They aren’t sedating meds, so if I have a little trouble sleeping now, I just use [rainy mood](rainymood.com) which helps me fall asleep within ~30 mins. When I’m off my meds... forget it. I’m up til 4am or pulling all-nighters for no good reason. Anxious. Exhausted. Restless. Wide-awake. I’ve had multiple drug holidays (which have sometimes lasted a couple years) and I’ve been doing well for awhile so my doc said I could try another holiday or stick to the meds since they’re maintaining things well, but I went to Napa recently and can’t drink on my meds so I elected to take the holiday and see how I do, but it didn’t last and I’ve come to accept the inevitable, that bipolar disorder is something that is chronic that will need chronic lifelong therapy and have decided to stop taking medication holidays so I can have continued stability. You can’t tell I have bipolar when I’m on meds so there’s really no good reason for me to take med holidays (except that my artwork suffers when I’m stable and that I can’t have more than half a glass of wine for safety reasons). I just can’t afford to be crazy and have the insomnia that goes along with it.   Maybe someone on here has bipolar disorder too and isn’t aware of it.   Maybe you don’t and could ask your doctors about Trazodone. Great for sleep, neurocognition, certain mood disorders (depression). I don’t take it because my other meds have improved my sleep, but it’a an option for people without mood disorders too. Ps. I’m not sharing which meds I’m on because they aren’t sedating and every person responds to medications differently. So the therapy I’m on may not work for you and it’s something you should see a psychiatrist for. I’m a different kind of physician and respect the boundaries of our professions and the rules of Reddit, so please don’t ask me. :)  Also, it’s free to use the website, so check out [rainy mood](rainymood.com)— I keep the volume just low enough that I can hear it and have it play all night. The app’s $2.99, but I always leave my phone on my charger overnight so I haven’t downloaded it. It’s great for people who don’t want to take meds and sleep well during rainstorms or who need an extra sleep aid. It works better for me than a sound machine.     TL;DR— Consider getting checked out for bipolar disorder. Consider asking your doctor about Trazodone. [Rainy Mood](rainymood.com) is a free website that could help you get some sleep!
8z910e,108,117,ADR,tolerance,trazodone,trazodone,Did i use a safe amount? (Note: this is the third day in a row I've used oxy, I assume I have somewhat of a tolerances)  So around 8:20am today I raidled 11.5mg of oxycodone.  When I got home from work around 6:30 I railed another 15mg. Then, about 1 hour ater I railed another 15mg. And an hour after that, I railed ~4.5 mg. I also smoked 2 joints after I got home from work throughout the night until an hour ago. After smoking weed, I got some viduals and auditory hallucinations of songs I listen to everyday while at work. I'm just wondering if I have to worry about falling asleep, but I'm assuming the weed just got me tweaked. I also take trazodone and Zoloft if that matters
8z910e,459,482,ADR,auditory hallucinations,trazodone,trazodone,Did i use a safe amount? (Note: this is the third day in a row I've used oxy, I assume I have somewhat of a tolerances)  So around 8:20am today I raidled 11.5mg of oxycodone.  When I got home from work around 6:30 I railed another 15mg. Then, about 1 hour ater I railed another 15mg. And an hour after that, I railed ~4.5 mg. I also smoked 2 joints after I got home from work throughout the night until an hour ago. After smoking weed, I got some viduals and auditory hallucinations of songs I listen to everyday while at work. I'm just wondering if I have to worry about falling asleep, but I'm assuming the weed just got me tweaked. I also take trazodone and Zoloft if that matters
8z8ymc,16,28,ADR,constipation,trazodone,trazodone,Trazodone...and constipation lol Hey guyssss   So I can’t stay asleep for 8 hours, that’s all there is to it. My body just fucking won’t do it. I wake up every 2 hours during the night and I need about 10-12 per night to feel well rested.   So my doctor prescribed trazodone to help me sleep. It’s a miracle worker. However, it’s constipating the shit out of me, no PUN INTENDED (except a lil bit)   So I thought maybe if it builds up in your system like melatonin does I could take it every other night and maybe still sleep well.   WELL ITS 3:35 AM AND IM AWAKE SO HI GUYS.   I take 800mg of magnesium because I have weird IBS symptoms anyway, and that usually works for me. Well now I’m barely going to the bathroom. I don’t know what to do to even stuff out.   Does anyone else have this problem? To be honest I’d rather sleep poorly and be able to poop, but in an ideal world shouldn’t the average human be able to do both? Is this too much to ask?!??
8z1jpp,255,265,ADR,withdrawal,trazodone,trazodone,Tianeptine for mild pain management and possible try for a pleasant opioid feeling I've had in the past but not intent to do that long term r/tianeptine told me my post belonged here. Dunno. Anywho,  I'd also like to know if it could help with mild benzo withdrawal. I get relatively bad anxiety in the mornings that lasts till the afternoon and sleep is impossible. Depression I think fuels all this as well and I take trazodone but it doesn't help like it used to. I was going to maybe just try one or two recreational doses to help with physical issues and then I was wondering if taking therapeutic doses afterwards on a more regular basis would still be effective?
8yx7u6,590,600,ADR,drowsiness,trazodone,trazodone,Liability when another pharmacist performs "pre-verification" At my pharmacy, the workflow has a "pre-verificafion" step where a pharmacist reviews what the tech types in for a prescription.  (Walgreens calls this the review step)  I'm worried that I will be held accountable for someone else's mistake.  I did the visual verification and counseled the patient. The drug was supposed to be trazodone, but the tech typed in tramadol. The other pharmacist apparently just blew through it quickly and approved it. When I counseled the patient I mentioned that it's used for pain and can cause drowsiness. He said he knew all about it.  How does liability work in this situation? I'm in California if that matters.
8ytbzm,563,571,ADR,insomnia,trazodone,trazodone,Insomnia after taking "may cause drowsiness" meds. Why? Help? TL;DR: Weeks after taking these RX's I feel like my "sleep switch" has been altered. Instead of drifting to sleep, I spend hours feeling like I'm allllmost there. Why?   So, it's always taken me a while to fall asleep (~ 45 mins). At age 29 I finally tried to do something to help. A Dr. wanted to try "make you drowsy" meds instead of actual "sleeping pills." Trazodone appeared to do NOTHING at all... until I stopped taking it (after just several days.) Then I had my first-ever night of true 100% insomnia. I've had several since. Next the Dr. tried Amitriptyline 100 mg HS. I took only TWO total pills over two days. I stopped because A) each night took me 3-4 hours to fall asleep and B) the entire following day left me feeling very woozy and just plain odd. Come to find out, it had raised my HR (120 bmp after lying still for 2 hours) and BP (180/110) and was causing mood swings (I bawled my eyes out several times - very uncharacteristic.) I'm now on a beta-blocker RX to ensure low HR and have begun taking Melatonin at a Dr's suggestion. Before all this, I did have a lifelong high caffeine diet, but I've nearly eliminated it at this point.   My last amitriptyline was a week ago, my last trazodone was more than 2 weeks ago. But I still can barely sleep. No Dr I've seen yet has any clue. I swear it's not just in my head. I lie there for hours, feeling otherwise just like I'd ordinarily do, but sleep doesn't come. After 3-5 hours, if I'm lucky, I start to nod off, but only fitfully. Even after 2 days of no sleep, I won't konk out, only doze fitfully for a few hours. If any one has any clues at all of where to even begin inquiring I'd be very grateful.
8ytbzm,802,807,ADR,woozy,trazodone,trazodone,Insomnia after taking "may cause drowsiness" meds. Why? Help? TL;DR: Weeks after taking these RX's I feel like my "sleep switch" has been altered. Instead of drifting to sleep, I spend hours feeling like I'm allllmost there. Why?   So, it's always taken me a while to fall asleep (~ 45 mins). At age 29 I finally tried to do something to help. A Dr. wanted to try "make you drowsy" meds instead of actual "sleeping pills." Trazodone appeared to do NOTHING at all... until I stopped taking it (after just several days.) Then I had my first-ever night of true 100% insomnia. I've had several since. Next the Dr. tried Amitriptyline 100 mg HS. I took only TWO total pills over two days. I stopped because A) each night took me 3-4 hours to fall asleep and B) the entire following day left me feeling very woozy and just plain odd. Come to find out, it had raised my HR (120 bmp after lying still for 2 hours) and BP (180/110) and was causing mood swings (I bawled my eyes out several times - very uncharacteristic.) I'm now on a beta-blocker RX to ensure low HR and have begun taking Melatonin at a Dr's suggestion. Before all this, I did have a lifelong high caffeine diet, but I've nearly eliminated it at this point.   My last amitriptyline was a week ago, my last trazodone was more than 2 weeks ago. But I still can barely sleep. No Dr I've seen yet has any clue. I swear it's not just in my head. I lie there for hours, feeling otherwise just like I'd ordinarily do, but sleep doesn't come. After 3-5 hours, if I'm lucky, I start to nod off, but only fitfully. Even after 2 days of no sleep, I won't konk out, only doze fitfully for a few hours. If any one has any clues at all of where to even begin inquiring I'd be very grateful.
8ytbzm,939,950,ADR,mood swings,trazodone,trazodone,Insomnia after taking "may cause drowsiness" meds. Why? Help? TL;DR: Weeks after taking these RX's I feel like my "sleep switch" has been altered. Instead of drifting to sleep, I spend hours feeling like I'm allllmost there. Why?   So, it's always taken me a while to fall asleep (~ 45 mins). At age 29 I finally tried to do something to help. A Dr. wanted to try "make you drowsy" meds instead of actual "sleeping pills." Trazodone appeared to do NOTHING at all... until I stopped taking it (after just several days.) Then I had my first-ever night of true 100% insomnia. I've had several since. Next the Dr. tried Amitriptyline 100 mg HS. I took only TWO total pills over two days. I stopped because A) each night took me 3-4 hours to fall asleep and B) the entire following day left me feeling very woozy and just plain odd. Come to find out, it had raised my HR (120 bmp after lying still for 2 hours) and BP (180/110) and was causing mood swings (I bawled my eyes out several times - very uncharacteristic.) I'm now on a beta-blocker RX to ensure low HR and have begun taking Melatonin at a Dr's suggestion. Before all this, I did have a lifelong high caffeine diet, but I've nearly eliminated it at this point.   My last amitriptyline was a week ago, my last trazodone was more than 2 weeks ago. But I still can barely sleep. No Dr I've seen yet has any clue. I swear it's not just in my head. I lie there for hours, feeling otherwise just like I'd ordinarily do, but sleep doesn't come. After 3-5 hours, if I'm lucky, I start to nod off, but only fitfully. Even after 2 days of no sleep, I won't konk out, only doze fitfully for a few hours. If any one has any clues at all of where to even begin inquiring I'd be very grateful.
8yppoo,638,643,ADR,panic,trazodone,trazodone,2nd Day getting back on meds after waiting nearly 4 months to see a doctor. The amazing difference modern medicine makes. About 5 months back a really hard year all caught up with me at once, from losing family members, pets, my car and a dozen other small disaster, then my wife nearly died and was in ICU for over a month just after the holidays, but she recovered and we started getting back to normal life.  And I was still doing okay. Or so I thought. I got the flu and couldn't take care of things and suddenly it all hit at once. I spent a month in bed, not just because I was sick but because any little thing started setting off panic attacks like I've never experienced. I saw my shower floor was dirty and needed to be scrubbed and *that* sent me into hyperventilating panic because it felt like added pressure to take care of things.   I fell off the wagon after 8-years sober, started drinking again, which made everything worse. I'd drink just to be able to make phone calls and work and take care of responsibilities. The surge that alcohol gave me let me get shit done, but as soon as it wore off I would feel worse than before, so it became a cycle.   I made the hard call and made an appointment with my old psychiatrist and counseling center, but they were backed up *four months* and they were actually less booked than other doctors in my town.  So finally, here I am. It's day two of getting on Prozac and Trazodone (a sedative and mood-booster) and I'm just reeling. Like last time I tried meds (Zoloft) it worked immediately. I feel the anxiety slipping away, I don't feel like tiny things are going to send me spiraling into panic and crushing sadness. It's not totally better yet, but it's a HUUUUGE difference. I feel like I just got back from a war, I'm breathing deep and looking around my house like a stranger.  I'm groggy as all hell, my stomach is upset and I'm sensitive to sunlight, but most of that will pass as my body adjusts. I don't feel the urge to drink. I don't feel like hiding in bed all day and I slept about 11 hours last night, after months of barely sleeping at all.  I'm getting better. It's going to be work still to retrain my brain back to getting out of fight-or-flight mode at any stress, but it will be easier now.  If you haven't considered it, do yourself a favor and get help. It doesn't always work right away for everyone, and sometimes you need to go down a list of doctors and meds before you find a good fit, but you have to start somewhere.
8yppoo,1660,1676,ADR,crushing sadness,trazodone,trazodone,2nd Day getting back on meds after waiting nearly 4 months to see a doctor. The amazing difference modern medicine makes. About 5 months back a really hard year all caught up with me at once, from losing family members, pets, my car and a dozen other small disaster, then my wife nearly died and was in ICU for over a month just after the holidays, but she recovered and we started getting back to normal life.  And I was still doing okay. Or so I thought. I got the flu and couldn't take care of things and suddenly it all hit at once. I spent a month in bed, not just because I was sick but because any little thing started setting off panic attacks like I've never experienced. I saw my shower floor was dirty and needed to be scrubbed and *that* sent me into hyperventilating panic because it felt like added pressure to take care of things.   I fell off the wagon after 8-years sober, started drinking again, which made everything worse. I'd drink just to be able to make phone calls and work and take care of responsibilities. The surge that alcohol gave me let me get shit done, but as soon as it wore off I would feel worse than before, so it became a cycle.   I made the hard call and made an appointment with my old psychiatrist and counseling center, but they were backed up *four months* and they were actually less booked than other doctors in my town.  So finally, here I am. It's day two of getting on Prozac and Trazodone (a sedative and mood-booster) and I'm just reeling. Like last time I tried meds (Zoloft) it worked immediately. I feel the anxiety slipping away, I don't feel like tiny things are going to send me spiraling into panic and crushing sadness. It's not totally better yet, but it's a HUUUUGE difference. I feel like I just got back from a war, I'm breathing deep and looking around my house like a stranger.  I'm groggy as all hell, my stomach is upset and I'm sensitive to sunlight, but most of that will pass as my body adjusts. I don't feel the urge to drink. I don't feel like hiding in bed all day and I slept about 11 hours last night, after months of barely sleeping at all.  I'm getting better. It's going to be work still to retrain my brain back to getting out of fight-or-flight mode at any stress, but it will be easier now.  If you haven't considered it, do yourself a favor and get help. It doesn't always work right away for everyone, and sometimes you need to go down a list of doctors and meds before you find a good fit, but you have to start somewhere.
8yppoo,1870,1886,ADR,stomach is upset,trazodone,trazodone,2nd Day getting back on meds after waiting nearly 4 months to see a doctor. The amazing difference modern medicine makes. About 5 months back a really hard year all caught up with me at once, from losing family members, pets, my car and a dozen other small disaster, then my wife nearly died and was in ICU for over a month just after the holidays, but she recovered and we started getting back to normal life.  And I was still doing okay. Or so I thought. I got the flu and couldn't take care of things and suddenly it all hit at once. I spent a month in bed, not just because I was sick but because any little thing started setting off panic attacks like I've never experienced. I saw my shower floor was dirty and needed to be scrubbed and *that* sent me into hyperventilating panic because it felt like added pressure to take care of things.   I fell off the wagon after 8-years sober, started drinking again, which made everything worse. I'd drink just to be able to make phone calls and work and take care of responsibilities. The surge that alcohol gave me let me get shit done, but as soon as it wore off I would feel worse than before, so it became a cycle.   I made the hard call and made an appointment with my old psychiatrist and counseling center, but they were backed up *four months* and they were actually less booked than other doctors in my town.  So finally, here I am. It's day two of getting on Prozac and Trazodone (a sedative and mood-booster) and I'm just reeling. Like last time I tried meds (Zoloft) it worked immediately. I feel the anxiety slipping away, I don't feel like tiny things are going to send me spiraling into panic and crushing sadness. It's not totally better yet, but it's a HUUUUGE difference. I feel like I just got back from a war, I'm breathing deep and looking around my house like a stranger.  I'm groggy as all hell, my stomach is upset and I'm sensitive to sunlight, but most of that will pass as my body adjusts. I don't feel the urge to drink. I don't feel like hiding in bed all day and I slept about 11 hours last night, after months of barely sleeping at all.  I'm getting better. It's going to be work still to retrain my brain back to getting out of fight-or-flight mode at any stress, but it will be easier now.  If you haven't considered it, do yourself a favor and get help. It doesn't always work right away for everyone, and sometimes you need to go down a list of doctors and meds before you find a good fit, but you have to start somewhere.
8yppoo,1895,1916,ADR,sensitive to sunlight,trazodone,trazodone,2nd Day getting back on meds after waiting nearly 4 months to see a doctor. The amazing difference modern medicine makes. About 5 months back a really hard year all caught up with me at once, from losing family members, pets, my car and a dozen other small disaster, then my wife nearly died and was in ICU for over a month just after the holidays, but she recovered and we started getting back to normal life.  And I was still doing okay. Or so I thought. I got the flu and couldn't take care of things and suddenly it all hit at once. I spent a month in bed, not just because I was sick but because any little thing started setting off panic attacks like I've never experienced. I saw my shower floor was dirty and needed to be scrubbed and *that* sent me into hyperventilating panic because it felt like added pressure to take care of things.   I fell off the wagon after 8-years sober, started drinking again, which made everything worse. I'd drink just to be able to make phone calls and work and take care of responsibilities. The surge that alcohol gave me let me get shit done, but as soon as it wore off I would feel worse than before, so it became a cycle.   I made the hard call and made an appointment with my old psychiatrist and counseling center, but they were backed up *four months* and they were actually less booked than other doctors in my town.  So finally, here I am. It's day two of getting on Prozac and Trazodone (a sedative and mood-booster) and I'm just reeling. Like last time I tried meds (Zoloft) it worked immediately. I feel the anxiety slipping away, I don't feel like tiny things are going to send me spiraling into panic and crushing sadness. It's not totally better yet, but it's a HUUUUGE difference. I feel like I just got back from a war, I'm breathing deep and looking around my house like a stranger.  I'm groggy as all hell, my stomach is upset and I'm sensitive to sunlight, but most of that will pass as my body adjusts. I don't feel the urge to drink. I don't feel like hiding in bed all day and I slept about 11 hours last night, after months of barely sleeping at all.  I'm getting better. It's going to be work still to retrain my brain back to getting out of fight-or-flight mode at any stress, but it will be easier now.  If you haven't considered it, do yourself a favor and get help. It doesn't always work right away for everyone, and sometimes you need to go down a list of doctors and meds before you find a good fit, but you have to start somewhere.
8ypfy8,1734,1742,ADR,sweating,trazodone,trazodone,I Need Help Hey everyone...so I'm new to this..not just to reddit, but to opening up, especially to strangers...but I don't know what to do anymore...i hate droning on about my problems but here I go...     So I'm a 21 yr old female. i grew up in a house with a very physically and sexually abusive stepfather and my mom. When I was in 3rd grade my mom developed a drug problem and then that led to an alcohol problem..eventually I was able to get out of there and I've been "hot-potatoed" around everyone in my family and never really knew what stability was...my mom remained in my life but she was in and out rehab..when she was sober she was absolutely amazing, but every time she relapsed she was just a completely different person. I've always struggled with really bad depression and anxiety...I lost my mom unexpectedly 2 years ago to drugs and it flipped my whole world upside down. Ever since she died I feel like my life has been put on pause...right after her death I fell into a nasty drug and alcohol addiction that got me kicked out of my dads house...i lost my job and I pushed everyone one away from me and I overdosed on drugs...and the thing is, I didnt even care...I still dont...I've been in therapy and I feel like I've tried everything to make myself feel better but I just feel so damn worthless...I wake up every morning wishing that I didn't...I'm clean now, I only take medicine I'm prescribed..I have to take adderall in the morning just so I have the energy to get out of bed in the morning and I take valium to come down from it and to control my anxiety. I also take trazodone to help me sleep because I have PTSD and get horrible nightmares from my childhood where I wake up in the middle of the night sweating and shaking and crying...I've fixed the relationship with everyone in my family but nothings the same..maybe it's just me...but my family just doesn't feel like a family anymore...like wound that healed but left nothing but scar tissue...please reddit users, or anybody reading this...I need help, I need advice, I need something...anything...I feel so worthless and pathetic and like a waste of space...thank you to anyone who took the time to read this and to everyone who replies...
8ypfy8,1747,1754,ADR,shaking,trazodone,trazodone,I Need Help Hey everyone...so I'm new to this..not just to reddit, but to opening up, especially to strangers...but I don't know what to do anymore...i hate droning on about my problems but here I go...     So I'm a 21 yr old female. i grew up in a house with a very physically and sexually abusive stepfather and my mom. When I was in 3rd grade my mom developed a drug problem and then that led to an alcohol problem..eventually I was able to get out of there and I've been "hot-potatoed" around everyone in my family and never really knew what stability was...my mom remained in my life but she was in and out rehab..when she was sober she was absolutely amazing, but every time she relapsed she was just a completely different person. I've always struggled with really bad depression and anxiety...I lost my mom unexpectedly 2 years ago to drugs and it flipped my whole world upside down. Ever since she died I feel like my life has been put on pause...right after her death I fell into a nasty drug and alcohol addiction that got me kicked out of my dads house...i lost my job and I pushed everyone one away from me and I overdosed on drugs...and the thing is, I didnt even care...I still dont...I've been in therapy and I feel like I've tried everything to make myself feel better but I just feel so damn worthless...I wake up every morning wishing that I didn't...I'm clean now, I only take medicine I'm prescribed..I have to take adderall in the morning just so I have the energy to get out of bed in the morning and I take valium to come down from it and to control my anxiety. I also take trazodone to help me sleep because I have PTSD and get horrible nightmares from my childhood where I wake up in the middle of the night sweating and shaking and crying...I've fixed the relationship with everyone in my family but nothings the same..maybe it's just me...but my family just doesn't feel like a family anymore...like wound that healed but left nothing but scar tissue...please reddit users, or anybody reading this...I need help, I need advice, I need something...anything...I feel so worthless and pathetic and like a waste of space...thank you to anyone who took the time to read this and to everyone who replies...
8y4jdy,281,293,ADR,panic attack,trazodone,trazodone,For the past two months I've been having sleep anxiety and insomnia. This all just started happening out of blue around early May. I woke up and went to work after what I thought was a good night's rest, when my body started feeling unnaturally weak and tired and this triggered a panic attack where it felt like I was going to pass out and die. I went to the doctor and had vitals/blood test done but nothing abnormal was found. I think this event started causing my brain to associate the feelings of fatigue with "you're gonna pass out and die" and thus I now have sleep anxiety.  No matter how tired I am, whenever I go to bed I feel any combination of the following symptoms:  - Mild body tremors; almost like I'm shivering regardless if it's cold or not. - Increased heart rate/heart palpitations. - "Brain Craziness" It feels like my body is exhausted, but my head is buzzing with craziness. - Head Pressure/Tension Headache - Body/Head Heaviness when my body is extra tired; ironically it makes it harder to sleep in this case. - Struggle to think about stuff or concentrate on anything. Back when I could sleep normally I was able to do this with no problem. - Occasional nauseousness.  I've tried a few sleep medications to try and alleviate this problem: - Unisom/Nyquil/Benedrill - Don't do crap and just make me wake an hour or so after going to sleep with a panic attack and drowsiness.  - Hydroxyzine - Same effects as the above drug.  - Melatonin - Doesn't seem to do anything.  - Ambien (1.5mg) - This works but it makes me very tired all day the next day and I'm unable to be productive or go to work even on such a low dosage. Also I'm not sure if this even works anymore after last night as I ended up waking up earlier than usual.  - Trazodone (12mg) - This seemed like it was my savior drug for a few weeks and I was able to live a relatively normal life and go back to work because of this, but it gave me tension headaches randomly throughout the day and dry mouth during the night, but those side effects seem to have stopped and have been replaced with nausea for an entire day and it doesn't seem to really help me sleep anymore.  I just wish I could actually get to sleep again with no stupid drugs...
8y4jdy,1389,1399,ADR,drowsiness,trazodone,trazodone,For the past two months I've been having sleep anxiety and insomnia. This all just started happening out of blue around early May. I woke up and went to work after what I thought was a good night's rest, when my body started feeling unnaturally weak and tired and this triggered a panic attack where it felt like I was going to pass out and die. I went to the doctor and had vitals/blood test done but nothing abnormal was found. I think this event started causing my brain to associate the feelings of fatigue with "you're gonna pass out and die" and thus I now have sleep anxiety.  No matter how tired I am, whenever I go to bed I feel any combination of the following symptoms:  - Mild body tremors; almost like I'm shivering regardless if it's cold or not. - Increased heart rate/heart palpitations. - "Brain Craziness" It feels like my body is exhausted, but my head is buzzing with craziness. - Head Pressure/Tension Headache - Body/Head Heaviness when my body is extra tired; ironically it makes it harder to sleep in this case. - Struggle to think about stuff or concentrate on anything. Back when I could sleep normally I was able to do this with no problem. - Occasional nauseousness.  I've tried a few sleep medications to try and alleviate this problem: - Unisom/Nyquil/Benedrill - Don't do crap and just make me wake an hour or so after going to sleep with a panic attack and drowsiness.  - Hydroxyzine - Same effects as the above drug.  - Melatonin - Doesn't seem to do anything.  - Ambien (1.5mg) - This works but it makes me very tired all day the next day and I'm unable to be productive or go to work even on such a low dosage. Also I'm not sure if this even works anymore after last night as I ended up waking up earlier than usual.  - Trazodone (12mg) - This seemed like it was my savior drug for a few weeks and I was able to live a relatively normal life and go back to work because of this, but it gave me tension headaches randomly throughout the day and dry mouth during the night, but those side effects seem to have stopped and have been replaced with nausea for an entire day and it doesn't seem to really help me sleep anymore.  I just wish I could actually get to sleep again with no stupid drugs...
8y4jdy,254,259,ADR,tired,trazodone,trazodone,For the past two months I've been having sleep anxiety and insomnia. This all just started happening out of blue around early May. I woke up and went to work after what I thought was a good night's rest, when my body started feeling unnaturally weak and tired and this triggered a panic attack where it felt like I was going to pass out and die. I went to the doctor and had vitals/blood test done but nothing abnormal was found. I think this event started causing my brain to associate the feelings of fatigue with "you're gonna pass out and die" and thus I now have sleep anxiety.  No matter how tired I am, whenever I go to bed I feel any combination of the following symptoms:  - Mild body tremors; almost like I'm shivering regardless if it's cold or not. - Increased heart rate/heart palpitations. - "Brain Craziness" It feels like my body is exhausted, but my head is buzzing with craziness. - Head Pressure/Tension Headache - Body/Head Heaviness when my body is extra tired; ironically it makes it harder to sleep in this case. - Struggle to think about stuff or concentrate on anything. Back when I could sleep normally I was able to do this with no problem. - Occasional nauseousness.  I've tried a few sleep medications to try and alleviate this problem: - Unisom/Nyquil/Benedrill - Don't do crap and just make me wake an hour or so after going to sleep with a panic attack and drowsiness.  - Hydroxyzine - Same effects as the above drug.  - Melatonin - Doesn't seem to do anything.  - Ambien (1.5mg) - This works but it makes me very tired all day the next day and I'm unable to be productive or go to work even on such a low dosage. Also I'm not sure if this even works anymore after last night as I ended up waking up earlier than usual.  - Trazodone (12mg) - This seemed like it was my savior drug for a few weeks and I was able to live a relatively normal life and go back to work because of this, but it gave me tension headaches randomly throughout the day and dry mouth during the night, but those side effects seem to have stopped and have been replaced with nausea for an entire day and it doesn't seem to really help me sleep anymore.  I just wish I could actually get to sleep again with no stupid drugs...
8y4jdy,1929,1946,ADR,tension headaches,trazodone,trazodone,For the past two months I've been having sleep anxiety and insomnia. This all just started happening out of blue around early May. I woke up and went to work after what I thought was a good night's rest, when my body started feeling unnaturally weak and tired and this triggered a panic attack where it felt like I was going to pass out and die. I went to the doctor and had vitals/blood test done but nothing abnormal was found. I think this event started causing my brain to associate the feelings of fatigue with "you're gonna pass out and die" and thus I now have sleep anxiety.  No matter how tired I am, whenever I go to bed I feel any combination of the following symptoms:  - Mild body tremors; almost like I'm shivering regardless if it's cold or not. - Increased heart rate/heart palpitations. - "Brain Craziness" It feels like my body is exhausted, but my head is buzzing with craziness. - Head Pressure/Tension Headache - Body/Head Heaviness when my body is extra tired; ironically it makes it harder to sleep in this case. - Struggle to think about stuff or concentrate on anything. Back when I could sleep normally I was able to do this with no problem. - Occasional nauseousness.  I've tried a few sleep medications to try and alleviate this problem: - Unisom/Nyquil/Benedrill - Don't do crap and just make me wake an hour or so after going to sleep with a panic attack and drowsiness.  - Hydroxyzine - Same effects as the above drug.  - Melatonin - Doesn't seem to do anything.  - Ambien (1.5mg) - This works but it makes me very tired all day the next day and I'm unable to be productive or go to work even on such a low dosage. Also I'm not sure if this even works anymore after last night as I ended up waking up earlier than usual.  - Trazodone (12mg) - This seemed like it was my savior drug for a few weeks and I was able to live a relatively normal life and go back to work because of this, but it gave me tension headaches randomly throughout the day and dry mouth during the night, but those side effects seem to have stopped and have been replaced with nausea for an entire day and it doesn't seem to really help me sleep anymore.  I just wish I could actually get to sleep again with no stupid drugs...
8y4jdy,1979,1988,ADR,dry mouth,trazodone,trazodone,For the past two months I've been having sleep anxiety and insomnia. This all just started happening out of blue around early May. I woke up and went to work after what I thought was a good night's rest, when my body started feeling unnaturally weak and tired and this triggered a panic attack where it felt like I was going to pass out and die. I went to the doctor and had vitals/blood test done but nothing abnormal was found. I think this event started causing my brain to associate the feelings of fatigue with "you're gonna pass out and die" and thus I now have sleep anxiety.  No matter how tired I am, whenever I go to bed I feel any combination of the following symptoms:  - Mild body tremors; almost like I'm shivering regardless if it's cold or not. - Increased heart rate/heart palpitations. - "Brain Craziness" It feels like my body is exhausted, but my head is buzzing with craziness. - Head Pressure/Tension Headache - Body/Head Heaviness when my body is extra tired; ironically it makes it harder to sleep in this case. - Struggle to think about stuff or concentrate on anything. Back when I could sleep normally I was able to do this with no problem. - Occasional nauseousness.  I've tried a few sleep medications to try and alleviate this problem: - Unisom/Nyquil/Benedrill - Don't do crap and just make me wake an hour or so after going to sleep with a panic attack and drowsiness.  - Hydroxyzine - Same effects as the above drug.  - Melatonin - Doesn't seem to do anything.  - Ambien (1.5mg) - This works but it makes me very tired all day the next day and I'm unable to be productive or go to work even on such a low dosage. Also I'm not sure if this even works anymore after last night as I ended up waking up earlier than usual.  - Trazodone (12mg) - This seemed like it was my savior drug for a few weeks and I was able to live a relatively normal life and go back to work because of this, but it gave me tension headaches randomly throughout the day and dry mouth during the night, but those side effects seem to have stopped and have been replaced with nausea for an entire day and it doesn't seem to really help me sleep anymore.  I just wish I could actually get to sleep again with no stupid drugs...
8xxeqe,3434,3444,ADR,drowsiness,trazodone,trazodone,I just don't have the energy anymore. So, where do I start. OK,  I’ll start with telling you all my name and why, after 11 years of living with depression, I have decided to start a journal. So here goes. My name is Scott and I am 22 Years of age, I have had depression since I was 11 years old. I have decided to write this journal as a means of releasing my emotions and to show others that they are not alone. OK so now that we have the introductions out of the way, I will explain why I’m am still awake at, as of writing this part of the paragraph, 05:15am. I have a really bad habit of dwelling on the negatives of my past and it just so happens that today that negative is my biological farther ( or as I like to call him, my sperm donor ). I went to put my head down to try and sleep, then all of a sudden he comes flying into my brain. So I check his Facebook.  I start scrolling through his wall and stumble across a post from the 31st of may. Yeah big deal you found a post, I know it sounds trivial but the post was a memorial to my grandmother. I didn’t even know she had passed away. Naturally I got quite upset that nobody had informed me. So I decided to check on other family members’ walls to see when the funeral was. I couldn’t find anything, not even a post to say she had passed. So I kept scrolling, thinking ‘ well I might as well see what they are doing with their lives’. Deeper and deeper I go, passing birthday wishes and trivial posts, then it happens, a post from the 23rd of march, letting their friends know that my grandmother had passed away and the funeral would be on the 30th. It was line a ton of bricks had fell on me all at once. She passed away 3 months ago. 3 months and none of my paternal family even had the decency to tell me or invite me to the funeral. It made me so angry . Then sad. I just sat staring at the post for what seemed like hours. Dark thoughts running through my head. Thoughts telling me to do things that I don’t want to do. Telling me that I am worthless and a waste of space. Then the monsters came. Backing me into a corner. Laughing and taunting me.... this happens a lot, the monsters. It is the visual I get in my head when I have an episode. Big scary monsters surrounding me, visualised as a small child, my only weapon is a broken stick that does nothing against them. Them cackling and taunting, attacking me with their sharp claws. Ripping away at my flesh till I’m nothing but a pulsating mound of bone and flesh. Left to rot away. I’m sorry for the graphic imagery but there is no better way to convey the pain and torment in my head. It’s now at the point where I’m losing what little grasp I have left on reality. I’ve seen a doctor and other medical professionals but they are no use. All they do is sit there and say ‘ and how does that make you feel’. What use is that, I need guidance. I need someone to be there and help me fight the monsters. Not ask me how things make me fucking feel. I’ll tell you how it makes me feel. It makes me feel like ending it all. It makes me feel like you are a waste of time. Getting paid to ask the same question over and over again. Pretending to care, when really all you see is a big money bag sitting there. Are you even listening to me or is all you hear the sound of pound coins jingling and bank notes rustling. And don’t get me started on the drugs they give you. Trazodone 50mg, take one at night. May cause drowsiness. Yeah no shit. They turn you into a Fucking zombie. They don’t get rid of the pain. They make it worse. They take what little humanity you have left. Then you tell your doctor and they just fob you off “ take them for another couple weeks and come back”. Bitch I don’t Ned to take them for longer l. I know what they are doing to me now. How would you like it if I just took the whole box. Oh wait yeah that’s right.  You wouldn’t care would you. It doesn’t affect you. As long as you still get paid and get to go home to your cushy little life. Well fuck you. I’m sorry but I need to get this off my chest. I honestly don’t want to be here anymore. Everyday is a struggle. A fight against the desire to end it. But I can’t. I’m fucking coward. I want to be dead but I don’t have the balls to do anything about it. Then when you try and vent on social media, you get people saying things like: “ why are you depressed for. You shouldn’t be” and “ I’m here to talk if you need me” but they never are. You try and talk to them but they just run away or call you stupid for having bad thoughts. Or they tell you to go to a doctor or see a councillor . Don’t you think I’ve already tried? Then you start staying in bed all day. No energy to move. No strength left to face the day. But that only makes things worse. Your family start calling you lazy. They don’t care that you are on the verge of a full on break down. To them you are a waste of space. A burden. A failure. Then you have bottle of vodka in your right hand and a box of pills in your left. Ready to do it. But you can’t. You know that if you do it won’t solve anything. Your family will just call you selfish. They will judge you even after death....
 The time is now 06:15am.  I’m still unable to sleep. The more I write the angrier I get. My brain is going into overdrive. The negative thoughts getting more and more twisted. My weapon is gone now. My last defence, as useless as it was, a pile of dust on the floor. The monsters bigger and meaner. They don’t laugh at you now. Or taunt. They just glare at you. Their eyes burning into to as they slowly tear away at your flesh. Reaching inside of you.  Destroying what is left of your frail body. Till there is nothing. Not a trace. But the monsters don’t go. They stay. Still glaring. Eyes fixed on the spot where the disembowelled you. And then you come back. Poof. And it starts all over again the monsters feasting once again. You feel it will never stop. An endless cycle.
8xurrl,1391,1408,ADR,hypomanic episode,trazodone,trazodone,Dealing with Mixed Episodes without a Med Change Hey everyone,  I’m hoping to get some feedback regarding the following situation:  I used to live abroad, where I was diagnosed with BP2 and was not successful in finding the right mix of meds to make me stable.   I moved back to my home country in the second half of last year, and it took me until March to be able to see a psychiatrist. I was unmedicated during this period and had a relatively severe hypomanic and very severe depressive episode.   I finally have occasional, non-emergency access to a psychiatrist. I’ve been put on 500mg of divalproex, 40mg of fluoxetine (I kept getting somewhat mild depressive episodes on 20mg), and 150mg of trazodone. While this combination isn’t perfect, it’s the best I’ve had so far.   I’ve noticed, however, that I’ve fallen into a mixed episode the last couple of days. In the past, since I had no family and no close friends where I lived, I’d just let myself self-destruct. I don’t want that this time. I have loved ones who want to be there for me.   The problem is that I don’t know how to deal with a mixed episode without letting myself crash and burn. I tried calling my psychiatrist to see what options I have and she said to “be present” and then that we’d talk about it at the end of August at our next appointment (she’s useless, I know).   I’ve tried going to the hospital during a hypomanic episode at the end of last year and I was treated rudely by doctors who insisted that, if I’m not actively trying to commit suicide, I’m not unwell enough for intake.   I was wondering from you guys — what do you do to help keep yourself calm yet keep your energy up during a mixed episode? How do you like your loved ones to be there (or not) for you?  I really appreciate all the experiences I can on this one :)   TL;DR I’m having a mixed episode and don’t have access to medical services. How can I get through this on my existing meds with the help of my loved ones?
8z9ykj,230,243,ADR,painful bumps,enbrel,enbrel,Male, 38: Can anyone tell me what is biting my wife (F, 32) and I in the armpits?! Pics included in text description. 38 Year old, 96Kg, 193cm white European male living and travelling in Sweden/Denmark. Wife and I noticed [these painful bumps](https://imgur.com/a/4r4EkO0) in our armpits after returning from a beach holiday in Northern Denmark. Had them for a few days now. They do not itch but are painful (when lifting arms, applying deo, etc). My first fear was bed bugs, followed by scabies. The bumps do not  look like bed bug bites and we cannot see any bed bugs on our linen. We have been travelling a lot lately and staying in Air BnB's. I only have the bumps/spots in my armpits. Doctor here was not able to give a conclusive diagnosis! Medications I am on: Benepali (Enbrel) Please help!!
8z9ykj,230,243,ADR,painful bumps,enbrel,enbrel,Male, 38: Can anyone tell me what is biting my wife (F, 32) and I in the armpits?! Pics included in text description. 38 Year old, 96Kg, 193cm white European male living and travelling in Sweden/Denmark. Wife and I noticed [these painful bumps](https://imgur.com/a/4r4EkO0) in our armpits after returning from a beach holiday in Northern Denmark. Had them for a few days now. They do not itch but are painful (when lifting arms, applying deo, etc). My first fear was bed bugs, followed by scabies. The bumps do not  look like bed bug bites and we cannot see any bed bugs on our linen. We have been travelling a lot lately and staying in Air BnB's. I only have the bumps/spots in my armpits. Doctor here was not able to give a conclusive diagnosis! Medications I am on: Benepali (Enbrel) Please help!!
8z9ykj,230,243,ADR,painful bumps,enbrel,enbrel,Male, 38: Can anyone tell me what is biting my wife (F, 32) and I in the armpits?! Pics included in text description. 38 Year old, 96Kg, 193cm white European male living and travelling in Sweden/Denmark. Wife and I noticed [these painful bumps](https://imgur.com/a/4r4EkO0) in our armpits after returning from a beach holiday in Northern Denmark. Had them for a few days now. They do not itch but are painful (when lifting arms, applying deo, etc). My first fear was bed bugs, followed by scabies. The bumps do not  look like bed bug bites and we cannot see any bed bugs on our linen. We have been travelling a lot lately and staying in Air BnB's. I only have the bumps/spots in my armpits. Doctor here was not able to give a conclusive diagnosis! Medications I am on: Benepali (Enbrel) Please help!!
8z9ykj,230,243,ADR,painful bumps,enbrel,enbrel,Male, 38: Can anyone tell me what is biting my wife (F, 32) and I in the armpits?! Pics included in text description. 38 Year old, 96Kg, 193cm white European male living and travelling in Sweden/Denmark. Wife and I noticed [these painful bumps](https://imgur.com/a/4r4EkO0) in our armpits after returning from a beach holiday in Northern Denmark. Had them for a few days now. They do not itch but are painful (when lifting arms, applying deo, etc). My first fear was bed bugs, followed by scabies. The bumps do not  look like bed bug bites and we cannot see any bed bugs on our linen. We have been travelling a lot lately and staying in Air BnB's. I only have the bumps/spots in my armpits. Doctor here was not able to give a conclusive diagnosis! Medications I am on: Benepali (Enbrel) Please help!!
8z9ykj,230,243,ADR,painful bumps,enbrel,enbrel,Male, 38: Can anyone tell me what is biting my wife (F, 32) and I in the armpits?! Pics included in text description. 38 Year old, 96Kg, 193cm white European male living and travelling in Sweden/Denmark. Wife and I noticed [these painful bumps](https://imgur.com/a/4r4EkO0) in our armpits after returning from a beach holiday in Northern Denmark. Had them for a few days now. They do not itch but are painful (when lifting arms, applying deo, etc). My first fear was bed bugs, followed by scabies. The bumps do not  look like bed bug bites and we cannot see any bed bugs on our linen. We have been travelling a lot lately and staying in Air BnB's. I only have the bumps/spots in my armpits. Doctor here was not able to give a conclusive diagnosis! Medications I am on: Benepali (Enbrel) Please help!!
8y64av,182,190,ADR,confused,methotrexate,methotrexate,Biosimilars - do they work as well? So here's a bit of backstory. I've been diagnosed at 3yo. For 2 years I took methotrexate after which I had numerous side effects like being very confused the next day, developing food alergies to everything etc. Then I got put on a programme to be treated with Enbrel and I took that, with breaks, till I turned 18. At 18yo I needed to transfer to a new doctor and new hospital. Unfortunately around that time the programme has changed and instead of getting Enbrel I started getting a biosimilar called Benepali. After a while it got switched to another biosimilar (monetary reasons I suppose) called Erelzi. And here's my question - for people who expirienced such change, did biosimilars work on you the same as the original medication? I find myself to be in a lot more pain and much more often than before. With Enbrel I was able to function normally, for the vast majority of time forgetting about my disease. Rn I have trouble walking a kilometer. Also, since I never had such problems, what are you tips on dealing with pain? Are any particular diets/food items helping? Thank you so so much for reading. I hope you have a great and painless (or as painless as possible) day :).  TLDR- Biosimilars seem to be working less effectively than original medication. Is that common? Also, how do you deal with pain?
8y64av,182,190,ADR,confused,enbrel,enbrel,Biosimilars - do they work as well? So here's a bit of backstory. I've been diagnosed at 3yo. For 2 years I took methotrexate after which I had numerous side effects like being very confused the next day, developing food alergies to everything etc. Then I got put on a programme to be treated with Enbrel and I took that, with breaks, till I turned 18. At 18yo I needed to transfer to a new doctor and new hospital. Unfortunately around that time the programme has changed and instead of getting Enbrel I started getting a biosimilar called Benepali. After a while it got switched to another biosimilar (monetary reasons I suppose) called Erelzi. And here's my question - for people who expirienced such change, did biosimilars work on you the same as the original medication? I find myself to be in a lot more pain and much more often than before. With Enbrel I was able to function normally, for the vast majority of time forgetting about my disease. Rn I have trouble walking a kilometer. Also, since I never had such problems, what are you tips on dealing with pain? Are any particular diets/food items helping? Thank you so so much for reading. I hope you have a great and painless (or as painless as possible) day :).  TLDR- Biosimilars seem to be working less effectively than original medication. Is that common? Also, how do you deal with pain?
8y64av,806,815,ADR,more pain,enbrel,enbrel,Biosimilars - do they work as well? So here's a bit of backstory. I've been diagnosed at 3yo. For 2 years I took methotrexate after which I had numerous side effects like being very confused the next day, developing food alergies to everything etc. Then I got put on a programme to be treated with Enbrel and I took that, with breaks, till I turned 18. At 18yo I needed to transfer to a new doctor and new hospital. Unfortunately around that time the programme has changed and instead of getting Enbrel I started getting a biosimilar called Benepali. After a while it got switched to another biosimilar (monetary reasons I suppose) called Erelzi. And here's my question - for people who expirienced such change, did biosimilars work on you the same as the original medication? I find myself to be in a lot more pain and much more often than before. With Enbrel I was able to function normally, for the vast majority of time forgetting about my disease. Rn I have trouble walking a kilometer. Also, since I never had such problems, what are you tips on dealing with pain? Are any particular diets/food items helping? Thank you so so much for reading. I hope you have a great and painless (or as painless as possible) day :).  TLDR- Biosimilars seem to be working less effectively than original medication. Is that common? Also, how do you deal with pain?
8zpoye,91,108,ADR,burning urination,cipro,cipro,Burning Urination I am a 16 year old male. For about 5 years now, I have been experiencing burning urination while peeing. It feels sort of like a needle but not unbearable pain. This is the only symptom I have. I was given cipro and the urine test came back negative. Can anyone share some insight and should I go see a specialist?
8ygimp,168,174,ADR,blurry,cipro,cipro,[urgent] realized I just took 2 Cipro 500mg tablets. Hello, I know this is a really stupid mistake but I just accidentally took 2 tablets of Ciprofloxacin 500mg. I was blurry from painkillers and I didn't remember taking the first dose.. and my parents kept insisting that they never saw me take the first dose so I took another one. I had a weird gut feeling but they kept arguing with me so I took another one. I feel so stupid and I should have been more cautious.   I know that fluoroquinolones have concentration-dependent killing, so will it affect me a lot if I doubled up on today's dose? Should I skip tomorrow morning's dose or just continue to take it normally?
8zsiou,212,219,ADR,anxiety,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,4 Weeks of St. Johns Wort for Depression/Anxiety Experience So, finally started St. Johns Wort (Whole Foods Brand, 450mg, 1 capsule daily, $8 for 60 capsules) for long-standing untreated mild/moderate depression/anxiety after doing plenty of research on here as well as reading through some case studies on PubMed. Just wanted to write a quick post on my experience thus far 4 weeks into treatment.  Initial thoughts: Wow, this stuff worked for me.  I can't find the source but one PubMed article that stood out to me compared SJW with Fluoxetine 20mg, and found noninferiority with SJW with fewer adverse effects. This really made me have a positive outlook on the benefits prior to starting it. 4 weeks in, I feel like it has really helped. I feel more confident and my anxiety has never been lower. Things that used to erk me or cause anxiety do not affect me anymore and it is amazing to be in situations that use to cause anxiety to not have those effects on me anymore.  Regarding effects on depression, it really controlled my mood swings and the low lows. I dont think ive felt this good mood-wise for a while. This is the  Side effects: Had loose stools for about 5-7 days with starting, but it went away. No other side effects that I noticed.   Overall, one month in, can't say enough good things about SJW. One thing to keep in mind with this tho for others thinking about trying it, it interacts with a lot of other meds (BC if ur a girl) so be sure to ask ur doctor/pharmcist if its ok.   Would like to hear about others expeirences with St Johns Wort! Also let me know if you have any questions.
8zsiou,1150,1162,ADR,loose stools,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,4 Weeks of St. Johns Wort for Depression/Anxiety Experience So, finally started St. Johns Wort (Whole Foods Brand, 450mg, 1 capsule daily, $8 for 60 capsules) for long-standing untreated mild/moderate depression/anxiety after doing plenty of research on here as well as reading through some case studies on PubMed. Just wanted to write a quick post on my experience thus far 4 weeks into treatment.  Initial thoughts: Wow, this stuff worked for me.  I can't find the source but one PubMed article that stood out to me compared SJW with Fluoxetine 20mg, and found noninferiority with SJW with fewer adverse effects. This really made me have a positive outlook on the benefits prior to starting it. 4 weeks in, I feel like it has really helped. I feel more confident and my anxiety has never been lower. Things that used to erk me or cause anxiety do not affect me anymore and it is amazing to be in situations that use to cause anxiety to not have those effects on me anymore.  Regarding effects on depression, it really controlled my mood swings and the low lows. I dont think ive felt this good mood-wise for a while. This is the  Side effects: Had loose stools for about 5-7 days with starting, but it went away. No other side effects that I noticed.   Overall, one month in, can't say enough good things about SJW. One thing to keep in mind with this tho for others thinking about trying it, it interacts with a lot of other meds (BC if ur a girl) so be sure to ask ur doctor/pharmcist if its ok.   Would like to hear about others expeirences with St Johns Wort! Also let me know if you have any questions.
8zrve4,724,729,ADR,foggy,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Stopped taking my fluoxetine a couple weeks ago, keep catching myself borderline yelling at friends when we're just having a conversation. Not sure if I'm just overly paranoid or I am actually upsetting my friends or both? I had started taking fluoxetine back in April to deal with some pretty bad anxiety that had gotten worse due to lack of employment, low self-esteem, and dating a guy that kept the whole relationship vague, making me feel even worse about myself.      At first it helped a lot, I was able to leave my house without checking the locks five times and I went from crying for hours every day to not crying at all. The problem was, as many of you may have heard from others who have tried fluoxetine, I was foggy and numb and my libido went to shit. I didn't care about anything and that whole time period feels very hazy when I try to recollect my feelings. I went from being a very passionate, animated person to just floating. And then the depression got worse and pretty scary. I realized that I would rather be anxious than not care about existing at all. Also, after 3 months of no tears whatsoever, I kind of missed a good cry every now and then. lol  So now I'm feeling sharp as a tack and fiery but I'm second guessing every interaction with anyone I talk to, anxious about making conversation mistakes, being perceived as ignorant, or ruining friendships because I'm overreacting to everything. People keep  asking me for advice on personal problems, because thats what friends do, but this whole week I've just been really brutal and harsh. I've apologized to multiple friends but I'm not sure if I should be because I'm either apologizing and feeling bad for nothing or I'm apologizing for things I shouldn't be saying in the first place. Most of them are like, "No no, you're right" of "It's totally fine", but then I just think they're being nice and the spiral of self loathing escalates.   Now I'm not sure why I'm even writing this or the answers I'm looking for. Maybe just looking to hear if other people have gone through this and ways they've coped without medication? Or medications other than fluoxetine that I can ask my doctor about?
8zrve4,734,738,ADR,numb,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Stopped taking my fluoxetine a couple weeks ago, keep catching myself borderline yelling at friends when we're just having a conversation. Not sure if I'm just overly paranoid or I am actually upsetting my friends or both? I had started taking fluoxetine back in April to deal with some pretty bad anxiety that had gotten worse due to lack of employment, low self-esteem, and dating a guy that kept the whole relationship vague, making me feel even worse about myself.      At first it helped a lot, I was able to leave my house without checking the locks five times and I went from crying for hours every day to not crying at all. The problem was, as many of you may have heard from others who have tried fluoxetine, I was foggy and numb and my libido went to shit. I didn't care about anything and that whole time period feels very hazy when I try to recollect my feelings. I went from being a very passionate, animated person to just floating. And then the depression got worse and pretty scary. I realized that I would rather be anxious than not care about existing at all. Also, after 3 months of no tears whatsoever, I kind of missed a good cry every now and then. lol  So now I'm feeling sharp as a tack and fiery but I'm second guessing every interaction with anyone I talk to, anxious about making conversation mistakes, being perceived as ignorant, or ruining friendships because I'm overreacting to everything. People keep  asking me for advice on personal problems, because thats what friends do, but this whole week I've just been really brutal and harsh. I've apologized to multiple friends but I'm not sure if I should be because I'm either apologizing and feeling bad for nothing or I'm apologizing for things I shouldn't be saying in the first place. Most of them are like, "No no, you're right" of "It's totally fine", but then I just think they're being nice and the spiral of self loathing escalates.   Now I'm not sure why I'm even writing this or the answers I'm looking for. Maybe just looking to hear if other people have gone through this and ways they've coped without medication? Or medications other than fluoxetine that I can ask my doctor about?
8zrve4,746,765,ADR,libido went to shit,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Stopped taking my fluoxetine a couple weeks ago, keep catching myself borderline yelling at friends when we're just having a conversation. Not sure if I'm just overly paranoid or I am actually upsetting my friends or both? I had started taking fluoxetine back in April to deal with some pretty bad anxiety that had gotten worse due to lack of employment, low self-esteem, and dating a guy that kept the whole relationship vague, making me feel even worse about myself.      At first it helped a lot, I was able to leave my house without checking the locks five times and I went from crying for hours every day to not crying at all. The problem was, as many of you may have heard from others who have tried fluoxetine, I was foggy and numb and my libido went to shit. I didn't care about anything and that whole time period feels very hazy when I try to recollect my feelings. I went from being a very passionate, animated person to just floating. And then the depression got worse and pretty scary. I realized that I would rather be anxious than not care about existing at all. Also, after 3 months of no tears whatsoever, I kind of missed a good cry every now and then. lol  So now I'm feeling sharp as a tack and fiery but I'm second guessing every interaction with anyone I talk to, anxious about making conversation mistakes, being perceived as ignorant, or ruining friendships because I'm overreacting to everything. People keep  asking me for advice on personal problems, because thats what friends do, but this whole week I've just been really brutal and harsh. I've apologized to multiple friends but I'm not sure if I should be because I'm either apologizing and feeling bad for nothing or I'm apologizing for things I shouldn't be saying in the first place. Most of them are like, "No no, you're right" of "It's totally fine", but then I just think they're being nice and the spiral of self loathing escalates.   Now I'm not sure why I'm even writing this or the answers I'm looking for. Maybe just looking to hear if other people have gone through this and ways they've coped without medication? Or medications other than fluoxetine that I can ask my doctor about?
8zmv9i,929,937,ADR,collapse,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Yesterday I got high and ended up puking a lot. I'm not new to smoking, but recently I've been getting really shaky when I'm high, mostly when I think of anything going wrong like getting caught or having a bad trip, or anything else.  But I didn't stop smoking if the opportunity arose.  Usually I smoke using a pipe, and I smoke until my throat hurts, which isn't much because I'm a baby. So it's only a couple hits, 4 at most really. This time I used a joint and I only took maybe 3 hits, and after what felt like 10 seconds, which was probably 5 minutes, I already was high out of my mind. My ears felt like they were detached from my body and I could feel the individual layers of my body and their temperatures. Nothing felt real and I couldn't tell if I was breathing or not (spoiler: I was). I told my boyfriend I wanted to go because I felt weird in a bad way. So we did. I was really hot and I felt like I was going to collapse or pass out. I wasn't dehydrated, we had lots of water with us, I just started feeling dizzy. I went downstairs and went to his bed while he was finishing up the cookies we started to make before we left to smoke. I started feeling dizzy anything I moved or changed anything. Even if I opened my eyes, if flinch and feel like I was going to puke. I knew I had to so I went into his bathroom and started crying, then eventually I puked quite a bit. I cleaned myself up because no one likes the smell of like breath, and I went upstairs and told him I puked, but I felt better. Psych! A few minutes later I told him I felt sick again and I once again puked. This time... in a measuring cup. It was the closest thing, okay.  He told me to eat something, a cookie. I took one bite and didn't feel good so I stopped. We went downstairs, and I puked 2 or 3 more times and then passed out. I was so exhausted and being high then felt like torture rather than fun. It's also a good thing to note that I'm on an antidepressant called fluoxetine. I've been on it for a little over a month now.  I know that puking isn't completely unheard of when it comes to getting high, but am I okay??? I literally felt like I was going to faint and die. I'm not getting high anytime soon, but I want to know if any of you could help me understand why, because I've been extremely high before, but I've never puked and felt like this.
8zmv9i,941,949,ADR,pass out,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Yesterday I got high and ended up puking a lot. I'm not new to smoking, but recently I've been getting really shaky when I'm high, mostly when I think of anything going wrong like getting caught or having a bad trip, or anything else.  But I didn't stop smoking if the opportunity arose.  Usually I smoke using a pipe, and I smoke until my throat hurts, which isn't much because I'm a baby. So it's only a couple hits, 4 at most really. This time I used a joint and I only took maybe 3 hits, and after what felt like 10 seconds, which was probably 5 minutes, I already was high out of my mind. My ears felt like they were detached from my body and I could feel the individual layers of my body and their temperatures. Nothing felt real and I couldn't tell if I was breathing or not (spoiler: I was). I told my boyfriend I wanted to go because I felt weird in a bad way. So we did. I was really hot and I felt like I was going to collapse or pass out. I wasn't dehydrated, we had lots of water with us, I just started feeling dizzy. I went downstairs and went to his bed while he was finishing up the cookies we started to make before we left to smoke. I started feeling dizzy anything I moved or changed anything. Even if I opened my eyes, if flinch and feel like I was going to puke. I knew I had to so I went into his bathroom and started crying, then eventually I puked quite a bit. I cleaned myself up because no one likes the smell of like breath, and I went upstairs and told him I puked, but I felt better. Psych! A few minutes later I told him I felt sick again and I once again puked. This time... in a measuring cup. It was the closest thing, okay.  He told me to eat something, a cookie. I took one bite and didn't feel good so I stopped. We went downstairs, and I puked 2 or 3 more times and then passed out. I was so exhausted and being high then felt like torture rather than fun. It's also a good thing to note that I'm on an antidepressant called fluoxetine. I've been on it for a little over a month now.  I know that puking isn't completely unheard of when it comes to getting high, but am I okay??? I literally felt like I was going to faint and die. I'm not getting high anytime soon, but I want to know if any of you could help me understand why, because I've been extremely high before, but I've never puked and felt like this.
8zmv9i,941,949,ADR,pass out,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Yesterday I got high and ended up puking a lot. I'm not new to smoking, but recently I've been getting really shaky when I'm high, mostly when I think of anything going wrong like getting caught or having a bad trip, or anything else.  But I didn't stop smoking if the opportunity arose.  Usually I smoke using a pipe, and I smoke until my throat hurts, which isn't much because I'm a baby. So it's only a couple hits, 4 at most really. This time I used a joint and I only took maybe 3 hits, and after what felt like 10 seconds, which was probably 5 minutes, I already was high out of my mind. My ears felt like they were detached from my body and I could feel the individual layers of my body and their temperatures. Nothing felt real and I couldn't tell if I was breathing or not (spoiler: I was). I told my boyfriend I wanted to go because I felt weird in a bad way. So we did. I was really hot and I felt like I was going to collapse or pass out. I wasn't dehydrated, we had lots of water with us, I just started feeling dizzy. I went downstairs and went to his bed while he was finishing up the cookies we started to make before we left to smoke. I started feeling dizzy anything I moved or changed anything. Even if I opened my eyes, if flinch and feel like I was going to puke. I knew I had to so I went into his bathroom and started crying, then eventually I puked quite a bit. I cleaned myself up because no one likes the smell of like breath, and I went upstairs and told him I puked, but I felt better. Psych! A few minutes later I told him I felt sick again and I once again puked. This time... in a measuring cup. It was the closest thing, okay.  He told me to eat something, a cookie. I took one bite and didn't feel good so I stopped. We went downstairs, and I puked 2 or 3 more times and then passed out. I was so exhausted and being high then felt like torture rather than fun. It's also a good thing to note that I'm on an antidepressant called fluoxetine. I've been on it for a little over a month now.  I know that puking isn't completely unheard of when it comes to getting high, but am I okay??? I literally felt like I was going to faint and die. I'm not getting high anytime soon, but I want to know if any of you could help me understand why, because I've been extremely high before, but I've never puked and felt like this.
8zmv9i,1025,1030,ADR,dizzy,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Yesterday I got high and ended up puking a lot. I'm not new to smoking, but recently I've been getting really shaky when I'm high, mostly when I think of anything going wrong like getting caught or having a bad trip, or anything else.  But I didn't stop smoking if the opportunity arose.  Usually I smoke using a pipe, and I smoke until my throat hurts, which isn't much because I'm a baby. So it's only a couple hits, 4 at most really. This time I used a joint and I only took maybe 3 hits, and after what felt like 10 seconds, which was probably 5 minutes, I already was high out of my mind. My ears felt like they were detached from my body and I could feel the individual layers of my body and their temperatures. Nothing felt real and I couldn't tell if I was breathing or not (spoiler: I was). I told my boyfriend I wanted to go because I felt weird in a bad way. So we did. I was really hot and I felt like I was going to collapse or pass out. I wasn't dehydrated, we had lots of water with us, I just started feeling dizzy. I went downstairs and went to his bed while he was finishing up the cookies we started to make before we left to smoke. I started feeling dizzy anything I moved or changed anything. Even if I opened my eyes, if flinch and feel like I was going to puke. I knew I had to so I went into his bathroom and started crying, then eventually I puked quite a bit. I cleaned myself up because no one likes the smell of like breath, and I went upstairs and told him I puked, but I felt better. Psych! A few minutes later I told him I felt sick again and I once again puked. This time... in a measuring cup. It was the closest thing, okay.  He told me to eat something, a cookie. I took one bite and didn't feel good so I stopped. We went downstairs, and I puked 2 or 3 more times and then passed out. I was so exhausted and being high then felt like torture rather than fun. It's also a good thing to note that I'm on an antidepressant called fluoxetine. I've been on it for a little over a month now.  I know that puking isn't completely unheard of when it comes to getting high, but am I okay??? I literally felt like I was going to faint and die. I'm not getting high anytime soon, but I want to know if any of you could help me understand why, because I've been extremely high before, but I've never puked and felt like this.
8zmv9i,34,40,ADR,puking,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Yesterday I got high and ended up puking a lot. I'm not new to smoking, but recently I've been getting really shaky when I'm high, mostly when I think of anything going wrong like getting caught or having a bad trip, or anything else.  But I didn't stop smoking if the opportunity arose.  Usually I smoke using a pipe, and I smoke until my throat hurts, which isn't much because I'm a baby. So it's only a couple hits, 4 at most really. This time I used a joint and I only took maybe 3 hits, and after what felt like 10 seconds, which was probably 5 minutes, I already was high out of my mind. My ears felt like they were detached from my body and I could feel the individual layers of my body and their temperatures. Nothing felt real and I couldn't tell if I was breathing or not (spoiler: I was). I told my boyfriend I wanted to go because I felt weird in a bad way. So we did. I was really hot and I felt like I was going to collapse or pass out. I wasn't dehydrated, we had lots of water with us, I just started feeling dizzy. I went downstairs and went to his bed while he was finishing up the cookies we started to make before we left to smoke. I started feeling dizzy anything I moved or changed anything. Even if I opened my eyes, if flinch and feel like I was going to puke. I knew I had to so I went into his bathroom and started crying, then eventually I puked quite a bit. I cleaned myself up because no one likes the smell of like breath, and I went upstairs and told him I puked, but I felt better. Psych! A few minutes later I told him I felt sick again and I once again puked. This time... in a measuring cup. It was the closest thing, okay.  He told me to eat something, a cookie. I took one bite and didn't feel good so I stopped. We went downstairs, and I puked 2 or 3 more times and then passed out. I was so exhausted and being high then felt like torture rather than fun. It's also a good thing to note that I'm on an antidepressant called fluoxetine. I've been on it for a little over a month now.  I know that puking isn't completely unheard of when it comes to getting high, but am I okay??? I literally felt like I was going to faint and die. I'm not getting high anytime soon, but I want to know if any of you could help me understand why, because I've been extremely high before, but I've never puked and felt like this.
8z6xjy,1164,1171,ADR,fatigue,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Upped my fluoxetine (Prozac) dose after still having a string of bad days at 20mg. Now I'm at 40mg and I feel worse than I have since starting my meds. For some context: I was taking fluoxetine for my depression during the school year, but kind of refused to go to therapy and stuff. Around December I was completely off my meds and the rest if the school year was a decline.   5 weeks ago I restarted at 20mg, and I had dealt with the side effects before so I could more or less power through. 2 weeks ago I started an Intensive Outpatient Program, and last week after another depressive episode started (something I had dealt with preobviously at 20mg) so we decided to up my dose.   So now its been 8 days at 40mg versus 20mg, and I'm completely knocked on my ass constantly. I sleep 8-10 a night, and then have to nap at some point during the day. Today being my only day off from therapy and work during the week, I slept 10, woke up for 4, and then took a 4 hour nap. I dont know, I guess I'm asking if anyone else has had similar experiences?   Prozac is supposed to be a stimulating antidepressant and the only side effect I'm dealing with now is complete fatigue all the time.
8y9o18,3529,3546,ADR,dominant behavior,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Humans are hierarchical creatures &amp; similarity to lobsters There is all sorts of evidence for this, both anecdotal and experimental: We belong to multiple hierarchies and can have very different ranks in them. Naturally, social rank is likely not enforced in an explicit manner and from the inside, having social rank is [a warm feeling of confidence](https://www.reddit.com/r/slatestarcodex/comments/8qcl6v/worth_rereading_alice_mazs_essay_splain_it_to_me/e0ju5yq/) as a result of being valued, complemented and/or respected by other members of the hierarchy for ones contributions and/or ability to assert dominance. Toddlers are able to infer rank relations [between simple geometric shapes](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21273490) in a blink of an eye, so quite complex parts of hierarchical behavior are definitely hardwired in humans. However, most human hierarchies, like socioeconomic hierarchies or military hierarchies are more rigid and less naturally determined than hierarchies among hunter-gatherers, see Ch. 12 from R. Sapolsky "Behave" (2017).  Jordan Peterson is right, that violence is not necessary for human hierarchies to form which is known as the ["challenge hypothesis"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Challenge_hypothesis). Rank is not so much about aggression as about challenge. Human hierarchies can be motivated by nearly arbitrary things (see the silly and useless kinds of competition that high schoolers spend their time with). If hierarchical status is determined by brutality, then testosterone causes aggression. If status is about bottle flipping, then testosterone causes higher drive to become good at bottle flipping. Testosterone is often highest in lower ranking males, who start fights they cannot finish (Sapolsky, 2017).  See also: The surprising science of alpha males - From one of the scientists who popularized the term. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPsSKKL8N0s  ---  In the literature, lobsters do serve as animal model of serotonin-based rank representation as Peterson quotes in 12 Rules for Life: http://darwinianconservatism.blogspot.com/2018/04/jordan-peterson-on-lobster-hierarchy.html  &gt; 3) THE NEUROSCIENCE OF SEROTONIN AND HIERARCHY Myers ridicules the idea that hierarchy among both lobsters and humans can be explained as the product of a nervous system run on the neurotransmitter serotonin.  No nervous system runs on a single neurotransmitter.  Serotonin is a simple molecule that is ubiquitous in the living world, and it functions differently in different organisms and in different nervous systems.  Serotonin is found in bananas.  Does that mean that bananas are hierarchical?  &gt; Peterson supports his account of serotonin and hierarchy by citing six articles on serotonin in lobsters and one survey article on serotonin and dominance in humans and other primates (371-72, nn. 5-10, 17).  Myers doesn't explain what is wrong with these articles or with Peterson's interpretation of them.  &gt; One of the cited articles--Ziomkiewicz-Wichary (2016)--really is a good brief summary of the research.  Other articles that Peterson does not cite provide good longer summaries of the research--Watanabe and Yamamoto (2015) and Van Vugt and Tybur (2016).  Myers is silent about this research.  &gt; This research does not claim that hierarchy can be explained by the action of serotonin alone, because there are many factors that influence the evolution of hierarchy (Van Vugt and Tybur 2016).  But in males high levels of serotonin do correlate with dominant behavior, and low levels of serotonin correlate with submissive behavior.  Dominant male vervet monkeys have twice the level of serotonin as subordinate monkeys.  If the dominant monkey is removed from a group, and certain subordinate monkeys are given tryptophan, a precursor of serotonin, or fluoxetine (Prozac), which increases synaptic concentrations of serotonin, the subordinate monkeys exhibit more dominant behavior (Raleigh et al. 1984, 1991; Raleigh and McGuire 1994).  &gt; The administration of serotonin to humans has a similar effect on social dominance.  Humans who have been administered tryptophan over 12 days begin to exhibit an increase in dominant behavior (Moskowitz et al. 2001).  When citalopram (a serotonin drug) is administered to human beings, these individuals are rated as more dominant by observers, and they also increase their eye contact when interacting with strangers (Tse and Bond 2002).  &gt; The serotoninergic system affects the recognition and establishment of social dominance in three ways.  Serotonin affects the processing of facial cues, so that dominant individuals react with less anxiety to angry and fearful faces.  It affects the processing of voice cues, so that dominant individuals are less responsive to angry voices.  And it affects the mechanisms of aggression and cooperation, so that individuals can achieve dominance by first increasing affiliative behavior to establish coalitions with some individuals, and then engaging in aggressive encounters with competing individuals (Ziomkiewicz-Wichary 2016).  Serotonin regulates similar behavior in both lobsters and humans and in all sorts of mammals (e.g. rabbits, rats) and in fish species. But while in humans, vervet monkeys etc. serotonin levels are [increased in dominant individuals](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4469834/), in some fish, serotonin levels are increased in [*non-dominant* individuals](http://sci-hub.tw/https://academic.oup.com/cz/article/62/3/317/2897745), having actually an inhibiting effect on violence. So it does not seem very straight forward. Neurotransmitters also tend to be used for multiple purposes, so maybe it is mostly just pure chance.  In simpler/older organisms, serotonin tends to track [resource availability](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serotonin#Perception_of_resource_availability). In complex organisms, dominance/rank perhaps reflects something like a resource, as dominance directly implies the individual's access to all sorts of resources. This is perhaps why it is convergent in all sorts of species, because it is a natural/obvious adaptation based on structure existent in the actual MRCA. I have not seen this link being made in the literature though, so take this with a grain of salt.
8y7q53,15,22,ADR,suicide,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,YouTube hinted suicide to me. I’m not the type of person to get easily offended or anything like that but YouTube kinda annoyed me today I’ve been dealing with a lot of depression and anxiety for a while and I’m just starting treatment I was prescribed fluoxetine so I looked it up on YouTube trying to find out more about what it does and later in the evening I was recommended a video on how to tie a noose i know recommended videos go off of what you search and I’ve been looking a lot at how to deal with anxiety and depression type stuff and then I get recommended a video on how to tie a noose kinda annoyed me I don’t know how to contact YouTube or anything like that but they should kinda fix that kinda mix up
8y2e2n,159,177,ADR,sexual dysfunction,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Has anyone come off SSRIs after long-term use? I've been on and off SSRI antidepressants for most of about 12 years and I want to stop taking them. I hate the sexual dysfunction and tiredness etc. The main benefit I get from them is that I have a lot of anger which I seem unable to control when I am off them. I'm not sure if this is something that I normally have or if it's made worse by withdrawal. I most recently came off sertraline by using a single dose of fluoxetine and that worked really well, until about a couple of months in when I started to become irrationally angry about almost anything. I have been learning mindfulness but I found myself unable to use the techniques when feeling overwhelmingly angry. I ended up screaming at my daughter (a toddler) and feeling the urge to hurt myself, so out of fear I went back on sertraline. I felt instantly better, though also bummed out. I know because of my childhood I'm at risk of continuing the abuse that was done to me, but I also don't want to be on a medication that is potentially harmful to me in the long run and takes away my sexuality.  Just wondering if anyone has been in the same boat and what has helped you?
8y2e2n,182,191,ADR,tiredness,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Has anyone come off SSRIs after long-term use? I've been on and off SSRI antidepressants for most of about 12 years and I want to stop taking them. I hate the sexual dysfunction and tiredness etc. The main benefit I get from them is that I have a lot of anger which I seem unable to control when I am off them. I'm not sure if this is something that I normally have or if it's made worse by withdrawal. I most recently came off sertraline by using a single dose of fluoxetine and that worked really well, until about a couple of months in when I started to become irrationally angry about almost anything. I have been learning mindfulness but I found myself unable to use the techniques when feeling overwhelmingly angry. I ended up screaming at my daughter (a toddler) and feeling the urge to hurt myself, so out of fear I went back on sertraline. I felt instantly better, though also bummed out. I know because of my childhood I'm at risk of continuing the abuse that was done to me, but I also don't want to be on a medication that is potentially harmful to me in the long run and takes away my sexuality.  Just wondering if anyone has been in the same boat and what has helped you?
8y2e2n,391,401,ADR,withdrawal,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Has anyone come off SSRIs after long-term use? I've been on and off SSRI antidepressants for most of about 12 years and I want to stop taking them. I hate the sexual dysfunction and tiredness etc. The main benefit I get from them is that I have a lot of anger which I seem unable to control when I am off them. I'm not sure if this is something that I normally have or if it's made worse by withdrawal. I most recently came off sertraline by using a single dose of fluoxetine and that worked really well, until about a couple of months in when I started to become irrationally angry about almost anything. I have been learning mindfulness but I found myself unable to use the techniques when feeling overwhelmingly angry. I ended up screaming at my daughter (a toddler) and feeling the urge to hurt myself, so out of fear I went back on sertraline. I felt instantly better, though also bummed out. I know because of my childhood I'm at risk of continuing the abuse that was done to me, but I also don't want to be on a medication that is potentially harmful to me in the long run and takes away my sexuality.  Just wondering if anyone has been in the same boat and what has helped you?
8y2e2n,577,582,ADR,angry,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Has anyone come off SSRIs after long-term use? I've been on and off SSRI antidepressants for most of about 12 years and I want to stop taking them. I hate the sexual dysfunction and tiredness etc. The main benefit I get from them is that I have a lot of anger which I seem unable to control when I am off them. I'm not sure if this is something that I normally have or if it's made worse by withdrawal. I most recently came off sertraline by using a single dose of fluoxetine and that worked really well, until about a couple of months in when I started to become irrationally angry about almost anything. I have been learning mindfulness but I found myself unable to use the techniques when feeling overwhelmingly angry. I ended up screaming at my daughter (a toddler) and feeling the urge to hurt myself, so out of fear I went back on sertraline. I felt instantly better, though also bummed out. I know because of my childhood I'm at risk of continuing the abuse that was done to me, but I also don't want to be on a medication that is potentially harmful to me in the long run and takes away my sexuality.  Just wondering if anyone has been in the same boat and what has helped you?
8y2e2n,786,805,ADR,urge to hurt myself,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Has anyone come off SSRIs after long-term use? I've been on and off SSRI antidepressants for most of about 12 years and I want to stop taking them. I hate the sexual dysfunction and tiredness etc. The main benefit I get from them is that I have a lot of anger which I seem unable to control when I am off them. I'm not sure if this is something that I normally have or if it's made worse by withdrawal. I most recently came off sertraline by using a single dose of fluoxetine and that worked really well, until about a couple of months in when I started to become irrationally angry about almost anything. I have been learning mindfulness but I found myself unable to use the techniques when feeling overwhelmingly angry. I ended up screaming at my daughter (a toddler) and feeling the urge to hurt myself, so out of fear I went back on sertraline. I felt instantly better, though also bummed out. I know because of my childhood I'm at risk of continuing the abuse that was done to me, but I also don't want to be on a medication that is potentially harmful to me in the long run and takes away my sexuality.  Just wondering if anyone has been in the same boat and what has helped you?
8xxvkz,364,381,ADR,suicidal thoughts,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,3 months left to go Fluoxetine (prozac) doesn't seems to work for me and I'm not particularly keen to return for the follow up appt in a month's time. I tried to seek professional help as advised by others, but it just didn't turn out the way I expected. Or to be more precise, it flopped as I feared. After contemplating hard yesterday and struggling through the suicidal thoughts alone, I have decided to end everything in October when everyone goes overseas for their vacation and I'm free to carry out my plan.   What should I do in my remaining time? I don't really have anything on my list since I have been waiting to die since a year ago. It just feels extremely stupid to keep saying that I'm dying then I didn't die. Everyone tells me I'm strong, a good guy, I will get through then they all just leave me alone. In the first place, why do ppl only react hard when someone is dying? If said person does not die, he doesn't need anything? Why? Because his strong? What's strong anyway? Cause I can do pull ups? Sigh... I'm both frustrated and tired but I'm finding peace in that things will finally end soon. I just want to minimize as much negative impact from my death, that's the last thing I will do for this world.
8xwsrg,953,957,ADR,haze,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Feeling Nothing Hello everyone!   I have been living with close to intolerable depression for several years (most likely inherited from my mother) and only recently spoke with a psychiatrist about possible treatment and also for the sake of telling someone what I was (and still am) experiencing. She then presribed me 20 mg of fluoxetine every day and I am almost three weeks into this regime.  I can't say I hate fluoxetine, but I certainly don't enjoy it. While I no longer lay in bed all day imagining how to kill myself while doing the least emotional damage to those around me, I do lay in bed all day and think about nothing while simultaneously feeling no emotions. I take no joy from things I like to do, I feel much less hatred for myself, and I don't have any interest in doing anything in the slightest.  I feel like a hollowed out version of myself, just one that doesn't fantasize about death. I hate the way antidepressants put me into a haze and limit my ability to just simply think. Do any of you have experience with fluoxetine or similar SSRI's lowering your overall quality of life despite diminishing intrusive thoughts?  Thank you and I hope you have a good night. Peace.
8zvc7a,1383,1392,ADR,Addiction,nicotine,nicotine,Back to Square One. But Learning from Mistakes I am a serial-quitter, unfortunately. Must have 'quit' 50 times in the last one year. Never lasted more than 6 days with 2 days being the average. After which the urge for "Just one puff" has caused me to spiral back into the smoking trap.  I first tried quitting last year after reading Allen Carr's book. Needless to say, the book worked like magic and by the time I finished it I was up and ready to quit the same day.   Mistake 1: I did not quit the same day. I waited for some meaningless day after a week to signify the end of my smoking stint.   The problem with this is that by setting a quit date, I made it feel smoking is an important (good or bad) part of my life. The constant feeling of "giving up" and the last cigarette ceremony made me realize I did not actually comprehend the book completely.  So I read Allen's other book - The Only Way  This was a longer read, but nonetheless almost as effective as the first one. Focussed on points I missed during the first read. Took about a week to complete the book and I was up and ready to quit smoking again!  And I did for 3 days.  Mistake no. 2 : I upped my intake of weed to compensate the loss in nicotine. Bad bad decision.   This can't be qualified as an attempt to quit as I just replaced nicotine with THC. Different drugs, different feeling, but the same problem. Addiction.   The next quit attempt was fuelled by wife, who got so angry at me not sticking to my quit resolve that she almost, almost had to respect for me anymore. That hurt.   So I quit again. This was the longest one. 6 days. You ask why 6 days? Because my wife went out of town for 3 days on the 7th day and I had a field day smoking and smoking up the entire fucking weekend hoping I'll quit once my wife is back and she wont know a thing. On Monday, I was sheepishly asking for cigarette from a friend at work. This quit attempt was the lowest point in my life.  Mistake 3: I did not plan my initial days of withdrawal. Had no clue what to do when home alone for 3 days. So stuck to my routine of smoking and smoking up.  Some other mistakes I've made:  1.Pushing the quit date by one day everyday to make it almost a year now 2. Getting distraught at the thought of not smoking at future events. I know this is stupid and its the nicotine speaking and not me 3. Lying to people, my wife especially.  4. Getting influenced by others, especially co-workers at work  The list is long and I probably can write a book on how not to quit.  But, this time I feel it's different.   I am tired of the constant battle in my mind - smoke, dont smoke  I am tired of the weakness in me calling for a cigarette everytime there's a small problem in my life  I am tired of lying to people, most importantly myself  I am just tired of quitting!   I get a feel this is the last time I quit. Wish me luck guys :)
8zvc7a,1998,2008,ADR,withdrawal,nicotine,nicotine,Back to Square One. But Learning from Mistakes I am a serial-quitter, unfortunately. Must have 'quit' 50 times in the last one year. Never lasted more than 6 days with 2 days being the average. After which the urge for "Just one puff" has caused me to spiral back into the smoking trap.  I first tried quitting last year after reading Allen Carr's book. Needless to say, the book worked like magic and by the time I finished it I was up and ready to quit the same day.   Mistake 1: I did not quit the same day. I waited for some meaningless day after a week to signify the end of my smoking stint.   The problem with this is that by setting a quit date, I made it feel smoking is an important (good or bad) part of my life. The constant feeling of "giving up" and the last cigarette ceremony made me realize I did not actually comprehend the book completely.  So I read Allen's other book - The Only Way  This was a longer read, but nonetheless almost as effective as the first one. Focussed on points I missed during the first read. Took about a week to complete the book and I was up and ready to quit smoking again!  And I did for 3 days.  Mistake no. 2 : I upped my intake of weed to compensate the loss in nicotine. Bad bad decision.   This can't be qualified as an attempt to quit as I just replaced nicotine with THC. Different drugs, different feeling, but the same problem. Addiction.   The next quit attempt was fuelled by wife, who got so angry at me not sticking to my quit resolve that she almost, almost had to respect for me anymore. That hurt.   So I quit again. This was the longest one. 6 days. You ask why 6 days? Because my wife went out of town for 3 days on the 7th day and I had a field day smoking and smoking up the entire fucking weekend hoping I'll quit once my wife is back and she wont know a thing. On Monday, I was sheepishly asking for cigarette from a friend at work. This quit attempt was the lowest point in my life.  Mistake 3: I did not plan my initial days of withdrawal. Had no clue what to do when home alone for 3 days. So stuck to my routine of smoking and smoking up.  Some other mistakes I've made:  1.Pushing the quit date by one day everyday to make it almost a year now 2. Getting distraught at the thought of not smoking at future events. I know this is stupid and its the nicotine speaking and not me 3. Lying to people, my wife especially.  4. Getting influenced by others, especially co-workers at work  The list is long and I probably can write a book on how not to quit.  But, this time I feel it's different.   I am tired of the constant battle in my mind - smoke, dont smoke  I am tired of the weakness in me calling for a cigarette everytime there's a small problem in my life  I am tired of lying to people, most importantly myself  I am just tired of quitting!   I get a feel this is the last time I quit. Wish me luck guys :)
8zuhjy,259,268,ADR,nauseated,nicotine,nicotine,Sick after vaping?! So I’ve been vaping for the past 2-3 months on the Eleaf IJust 3..I have 4 of them and keep different flavors in them. I recently changed coils to the same ones that they were installed with, but recently when I vape, I begin to get super nauseated. To the point that I have to lie down. I have some with no nicotine and some with up to 3mg..all flavors just taste gross now..i just realized I’ve purchased 10 new juices since the beginning of this month and have found them all to be sub-par..I’ve just been giving them away..I dunno what’s going on but I’m just asking for any suggestions!!
8zsh02,256,265,ADR,fogginess,nicotine,nicotine,Anybody else quit drinking and nicotine at the same time? Just north of 3 months and my brain fog is awful. I can barely put a sentence together without jumbling my words and getting confused with the simplest things.  I heard quitting nicotine can create fogginess as well and  beginning to wonder if I got doubly screwed with the fog.
8zq0ge,129,136,ADR,craving,nicotine,nicotine,What your opinion on the best salt nic pod device? I’ve worked my way down to 3mg nic over the course of 4 years. Now my body in craving nicotine and I don’t want to break down and buy cancer sticks. Can u guys help me? Thx
8zo3wy,2183,2187,ADR,numb,nicotine,nicotine,Thujone from Plant Concoctions/Concentrates, from thujone containing pants+tobacco smoking blends, and munching on thunjone rich leaves before and while serving coffee, and a couple of comparisons with past substances with some similarities and differences.  I made a concentrate from a couple of plants, 2 of them containing  alpha-thunjone and beta-thunjone and I gotta say, it's really true that  it makes you go wacky, I just had all kinds of thoughts and felts all  kinds of things around me, it was like I could feel the presence of  something from beyond this world flowing through me, like a sort of warm  vapor like sensation combined with a sort of fuzziness inside my body,  like a sort of electric feeling on my insides, I did feel this in very  small amounts while sober throughout my life but I just felt it in  ridiculous amounts while high on the thunjone rich drink, like yeah,  usually it was just a very subtle feeling but this made it overpowering,  a friend of mine thought he saw something when he drunk absinthe for  the first time so...I think it depends on the person drinking I suppose,  also, my concoction didn't contain any alcohol or any other thing, the  last time I felt such a warth but without that sense of awareness and  clarity was when I had a go at a hydrocodone and ethanol(alcohol) rich  cup of lean/sizzurp, I didn't have codeine on hand so I did it like  that, I did vomit from that one while the thunjone rich plant  concentrate, with honey as well, for good taste, just made me transpire  and it went like a nice trip then a shitty one when I finished up the  250 ml of it or 350 ml, but yeah, it made me transpire like shit and I  lost plenty of weight from that tbh, I went from 78.5 down to 74 or 75  kilograms from that night to the other, and my fever did go away, I  drank it since I didn't have any way of stopping my fever and that did  work out great, felt for the first few seconds like I was mentholating  my brain out of heat, but yeah, either way, I felt like that the next  day, but way toned down and a bit of the feeling remained for about a  week, when vaporizing thujone leafs, I did notice that it made my hands a  bit numb and made me more light headed, a thing that doesn't happen  when making a joint and smoking it, but when smoking thujone rich  leaves, it is harsh on the neck a lot like nicotine vaping or smoking,  either way, thujone+nicotine for the smoked form made me go nuts for  quite a few times before i made the concoction and drank it, the effects  were building up for 20-25 minutes straight then kept mentaining for  another 15-35 minutes, then dropped a bit by a bit, in total, a slim  king zise joint with the same plant mixture but with cigar tobacco works  for about 1 hour, that is probably due to how slim it is and the fact  that it contains about 1 gram or less of the plant mixture material,  either way, I need to test how it works in tandem with CBD and a couple  of other things, I know with caffeine in drinked form, it made me  sleepier and sleepier the more I drank coffee around sunset, it does  stack in the body over time, munching on the leaves is a very slow  method of absortion though it could work out if prepared properly,  either way, I did thujone consumtion via leaves that time then had the  coffee after finishing muching on those leaves, I drank the first half  of the long cup, about 150ml, then the second half that made me sleepy  as shit, the last 150 ml, it's interesting but idk how it would behave  when consumed in smoked form before or after administering a heated  inhalant such as a freebase/crack version of a stimulent.
8zo3wy,2205,2217,ADR,light headed,nicotine,nicotine,Thujone from Plant Concoctions/Concentrates, from thujone containing pants+tobacco smoking blends, and munching on thunjone rich leaves before and while serving coffee, and a couple of comparisons with past substances with some similarities and differences.  I made a concentrate from a couple of plants, 2 of them containing  alpha-thunjone and beta-thunjone and I gotta say, it's really true that  it makes you go wacky, I just had all kinds of thoughts and felts all  kinds of things around me, it was like I could feel the presence of  something from beyond this world flowing through me, like a sort of warm  vapor like sensation combined with a sort of fuzziness inside my body,  like a sort of electric feeling on my insides, I did feel this in very  small amounts while sober throughout my life but I just felt it in  ridiculous amounts while high on the thunjone rich drink, like yeah,  usually it was just a very subtle feeling but this made it overpowering,  a friend of mine thought he saw something when he drunk absinthe for  the first time so...I think it depends on the person drinking I suppose,  also, my concoction didn't contain any alcohol or any other thing, the  last time I felt such a warth but without that sense of awareness and  clarity was when I had a go at a hydrocodone and ethanol(alcohol) rich  cup of lean/sizzurp, I didn't have codeine on hand so I did it like  that, I did vomit from that one while the thunjone rich plant  concentrate, with honey as well, for good taste, just made me transpire  and it went like a nice trip then a shitty one when I finished up the  250 ml of it or 350 ml, but yeah, it made me transpire like shit and I  lost plenty of weight from that tbh, I went from 78.5 down to 74 or 75  kilograms from that night to the other, and my fever did go away, I  drank it since I didn't have any way of stopping my fever and that did  work out great, felt for the first few seconds like I was mentholating  my brain out of heat, but yeah, either way, I felt like that the next  day, but way toned down and a bit of the feeling remained for about a  week, when vaporizing thujone leafs, I did notice that it made my hands a  bit numb and made me more light headed, a thing that doesn't happen  when making a joint and smoking it, but when smoking thujone rich  leaves, it is harsh on the neck a lot like nicotine vaping or smoking,  either way, thujone+nicotine for the smoked form made me go nuts for  quite a few times before i made the concoction and drank it, the effects  were building up for 20-25 minutes straight then kept mentaining for  another 15-35 minutes, then dropped a bit by a bit, in total, a slim  king zise joint with the same plant mixture but with cigar tobacco works  for about 1 hour, that is probably due to how slim it is and the fact  that it contains about 1 gram or less of the plant mixture material,  either way, I need to test how it works in tandem with CBD and a couple  of other things, I know with caffeine in drinked form, it made me  sleepier and sleepier the more I drank coffee around sunset, it does  stack in the body over time, munching on the leaves is a very slow  method of absortion though it could work out if prepared properly,  either way, I did thujone consumtion via leaves that time then had the  coffee after finishing muching on those leaves, I drank the first half  of the long cup, about 150ml, then the second half that made me sleepy  as shit, the last 150 ml, it's interesting but idk how it would behave  when consumed in smoked form before or after administering a heated  inhalant such as a freebase/crack version of a stimulent.
8znv4t,249,257,ADR,cravings,nicotine,nicotine,Day 25 Smoke Free! I've been using an app that gives me missions every day and one of them is to post what's been working for me.  I would say the number one tool is to take it one day at a time (or one hour, or one minute even).  Expecting to have cravings and to have a plan when they hit has been helpful.  It's still hard and I still think about it often but it gets a little easier every day.  I have been using nicotine gum because the app I use recommends it &amp; I figure why go through the physical withdrawals while I'm focusing on changing my mentality?  Snacking a lot but also working out more so no weight gain so far.  Can't believe I've made it this far!  The support from this site has been invaluable :)
8znv4t,509,520,ADR,withdrawals,nicotine,nicotine,Day 25 Smoke Free! I've been using an app that gives me missions every day and one of them is to post what's been working for me.  I would say the number one tool is to take it one day at a time (or one hour, or one minute even).  Expecting to have cravings and to have a plan when they hit has been helpful.  It's still hard and I still think about it often but it gets a little easier every day.  I have been using nicotine gum because the app I use recommends it &amp; I figure why go through the physical withdrawals while I'm focusing on changing my mentality?  Snacking a lot but also working out more so no weight gain so far.  Can't believe I've made it this far!  The support from this site has been invaluable :)
8znv4t,614,625,ADR,weight gain,nicotine,nicotine,Day 25 Smoke Free! I've been using an app that gives me missions every day and one of them is to post what's been working for me.  I would say the number one tool is to take it one day at a time (or one hour, or one minute even).  Expecting to have cravings and to have a plan when they hit has been helpful.  It's still hard and I still think about it often but it gets a little easier every day.  I have been using nicotine gum because the app I use recommends it &amp; I figure why go through the physical withdrawals while I'm focusing on changing my mentality?  Snacking a lot but also working out more so no weight gain so far.  Can't believe I've made it this far!  The support from this site has been invaluable :)
8zn33z,1237,1246,ADR,tolerance,nicotine,nicotine,Help about stimulants, please??? First of all, I discovered last year after much time sleeping and not having any attention on high school, that I have ADD and narcolepsy. After this bomb, I went to all the doctors that you can imagine and no one could help me with these deseases until I knew some doctor who asked me 76 exams and discovered many things about me. He said that my homocysteine was increased (difficult to produce neurotransmitters because of the submethylation) and I would have to methylate it with Methypholate (B9) and my narcolepsy was because of serious infectious problem and he treated it as an autoimmune sickness. After follow the prognostic of medicines, I seem other one, by the first time I can be wake up all day and have attention to something. However, even following the prognostic, I go on the problems with concentration yet and I tried to change it with adrenergic stimulants. The first I tried was Concerta 36 mg and this one was awesome as the caffeine was too. I used Ephedrine and nicotine too. I seemed to be on the sky with the effects and I really could study as a decent student would. But the sky is very far, and I came back to the reallity a week after. Is incredible how fast my body gets tolerance, amazing! I didnt redose any moment these drugs and even of this way I started to have very subtle effects just a week then. Please, someone gives some cheats how to use stimulants, decrease the tolerance and which of them I should use, alternate them daily and etcetera cause I probably wont get anything that I want for this year if these problems continue.  I'm not native, sorry for the mistakes.  PS: I didnt have nice effects with epha 15 mg and nicotine 4mg. I thought about the use of DMAA, but I dont have enough money to import it.
8zlle3,32,37,ADR,gassy,nicotine,nicotine,How to stop myself from feeling gassy and need to poop when smoking So everytime i smoke i get the need to poop or if i try to hold it in i get gassy... Now at home it isnt  a problem since i can just go to the toilet, but at a club or a party when i smoke alot i try to hold it in but i just get gas problems which after holding 4-5 in of fear i shit myself begins to hurt... I heard that nicotine is a kind of laxative, but does anyone have a solution to this?
8zjzq1,375,388,ADR,panic attacks,nicotine,nicotine,Feeling effects out of nowhere, 12 hours after smoking????? Please help. I smoke on the regular, but something weird happened to me.  I smoked 2 blunts around 6pm with my buddies and j was mildly high like a 5/10 and the night went on like usual I went to bed around 4am and I dozed off and I started feeling weird things got shaky and i felt like i was having  one of those panic attacks you get when you're high or some shit. I smoked like 2 juul pods(trying to quit cigs) that day. Idk if that had anything to do with it even though I smoke alot of nicotine kn the regular. I usually go through a pod a day no problem.
8zjnk0,509,517,ADR,addicted,nicotine,nicotine,I don’t think I have insomnia, but I am encountering something closely related. Can you direct me in the right directions I’m not in the right place already? So I’ve basically been the kind of person that has stayed awake until 4-5 am every night since I hit puberty. Usually I’d just watch tv until that hour as a teenager, or smoke weed or cigarettes eventually. I’ve quit smoking weed but I still smoke cigs, and now I’m a drinker. I still stay up as late as I ever have, and I’m confused as to why I’m so addicted to staying up all night. It’s not that I can’t sleep per se, although I haven’t tried in such a long time that I don’t know if that’s true or not. Even if I could sleep at this hour I don’t choose to. Do I need to give up every single drug and then try? Because each drug I’ve done, Be it nicotine, alcohol, or weed, has been separate from everything else, and therefore I feel that this is a separate problem. Part of me feels like it is just anxiety or some other psychological issue. If you have any advice, it would be very much appreciated.
8zj1dc,1216,1224,ADR,cravings,nicotine,nicotine,2 weeks + a few days smoke-free. So a bit over 2 weeks ago, i finished a 40 pack of menthol cigarettes, they would last me 3-4 days. Every hour i'd be out for a puff, even in the middle of the night. Having trouble sleeping? Go out for a smoke. Cooking something? Turn down the heat and go out for a smoke. It consumed my life. For 7 years i smoked.   I know i havent quit yet, its only been 2 weeks, but im determined to put smoking behind me.   I've managed to replace cigarettes with vaping with 12mg e-juice but i've started mixing in no-nic e-juice at a 50-50 ratio to start weaning myself off nicotine. The hand-to-mouth motion of vaping has really helped me a lot. I know some ppl here dont like vaping but after trying gum, mints, patches, cold turkey and others this is the only one that seems to be working for me.   I have a goal. By September i want to be down to only a few drops of nicotine e-juice per tank and by early next year down to no-nic e-juice only.   I can already taste better, smell better, my clothes, hair &amp; skin no longer smell horrible all the time and just yesterday at work i stepped outside for a vape and smelled my coworker's cigarette smoke. I was expecting it to set off my cravings, and it did a little which is what the vape was for, but more than that, i didn't like it. It smelled terrible.   My hopes are high, given cigarette prices in australia, i've saved maybe a couple hundred dollars already. My vape is satisfying my cravings and i have no urges to buy more.   I'll be sure to post more updates over time. Thanks for reading.
8ziwvk,1135,1143,ADR,addicted,nicotine,nicotine,GF and I split over the weekend and I am sad. Semi-rant incoming, don't have anyone else to talk and I need to get some of this out.   Basically I was in love with her from the moment I saw her, but it took some time for her to come around to me, and we both made some mistakes in the beginning that started the relationship off rocky. But then we're good! For like 7 months straight we hung out all the time, doing whatever, and it was awesome.   Then I hit some tough times financially, fell back into some drug habits, and things between her and I just started feeling worse and worse. I had been thinking of telling her I want to take a break for like two weeks before this weekend, which was her birthday. In my head I was like "Ok, just act normal for the birthday, it'll be fine" but it wasn't. I didn't put enough effort in and it showed. We got into a huge drunken fight on her birthday that ended with her pushing me, yelling at me, and ultimately me leaving after we fought through the night till 7am.   The thing that sucks is knowing this is all my fault. If I were just more stable, more established in a career, and not addicted to fucking nicotine then her and I man, I feel like we could conquer the world.   But yeah now she won't talk to me, possibly never will again, and I just don't know what to do or how to feel. Shit sucks.   **tl:dr** GF and I got into a fight on her birthday, basically I ruined her birthday, she was over it after that and I can't really blame her.
8zhwso,13,23,ADR,withdrawal,nicotine,nicotine,Anger during withdrawal This is the best source of information on the interwebs. Hands down. Real people. Real discussion. Not some phony textbook answers.  Short story long. Day 14 of cold turkey after 22 years of cigs, and I’m totally curious on anyone else’s journey, and their experiences with anger that just appears out of nowhere. I would also like to add that I gave up smoking pot(22 years, and pretty much daily for 15 years with an occasional break), chewing tobacco(22 years), and drinking energy drinks at the same time. Yep, total gusto this go round, but I am straight determined this time to succeed. I gave up drinking somewhere around 2.5 years ago, so I already know the will power is there to give up the rest of these “lovely” vices that grab us and hold on like no other. The 1st week was actually a breeze for me, and with the amount of determination I have, I’m not surprised that the cravings for the actual cigarette itself weren’t that strong. The hardest part for me has been the lack of the “feel good” chemicals that nicotine mimics. I think the struggle is mostly in our brain, and the chemicals that mess with it. I was able to replace/distract myself from the physical act of smoking. But day 6 is when the anger basically hit me like a Mack truck, and I just got mad at well, absolutely nothing, and everything. It ebbs and flows, and now at day 14 it’s subsiding. I hope. Basically I snapped on the ones I care about the most(sadly, isn’t that the case😢), but I would love to hear from anyone who has gone through this anger stage, and if you have any tips, advice, supplements, foods, anything for me/other’s dealing with this. Keep on fighting the good fight everyone, I can already tell a major difference in me after 14 days, so I can only imagine what the future holds!
8zhwso,909,917,ADR,cravings,nicotine,nicotine,Anger during withdrawal This is the best source of information on the interwebs. Hands down. Real people. Real discussion. Not some phony textbook answers.  Short story long. Day 14 of cold turkey after 22 years of cigs, and I’m totally curious on anyone else’s journey, and their experiences with anger that just appears out of nowhere. I would also like to add that I gave up smoking pot(22 years, and pretty much daily for 15 years with an occasional break), chewing tobacco(22 years), and drinking energy drinks at the same time. Yep, total gusto this go round, but I am straight determined this time to succeed. I gave up drinking somewhere around 2.5 years ago, so I already know the will power is there to give up the rest of these “lovely” vices that grab us and hold on like no other. The 1st week was actually a breeze for me, and with the amount of determination I have, I’m not surprised that the cravings for the actual cigarette itself weren’t that strong. The hardest part for me has been the lack of the “feel good” chemicals that nicotine mimics. I think the struggle is mostly in our brain, and the chemicals that mess with it. I was able to replace/distract myself from the physical act of smoking. But day 6 is when the anger basically hit me like a Mack truck, and I just got mad at well, absolutely nothing, and everything. It ebbs and flows, and now at day 14 it’s subsiding. I hope. Basically I snapped on the ones I care about the most(sadly, isn’t that the case😢), but I would love to hear from anyone who has gone through this anger stage, and if you have any tips, advice, supplements, foods, anything for me/other’s dealing with this. Keep on fighting the good fight everyone, I can already tell a major difference in me after 14 days, so I can only imagine what the future holds!
8zhwso,298,303,ADR,anger,nicotine,nicotine,Anger during withdrawal This is the best source of information on the interwebs. Hands down. Real people. Real discussion. Not some phony textbook answers.  Short story long. Day 14 of cold turkey after 22 years of cigs, and I’m totally curious on anyone else’s journey, and their experiences with anger that just appears out of nowhere. I would also like to add that I gave up smoking pot(22 years, and pretty much daily for 15 years with an occasional break), chewing tobacco(22 years), and drinking energy drinks at the same time. Yep, total gusto this go round, but I am straight determined this time to succeed. I gave up drinking somewhere around 2.5 years ago, so I already know the will power is there to give up the rest of these “lovely” vices that grab us and hold on like no other. The 1st week was actually a breeze for me, and with the amount of determination I have, I’m not surprised that the cravings for the actual cigarette itself weren’t that strong. The hardest part for me has been the lack of the “feel good” chemicals that nicotine mimics. I think the struggle is mostly in our brain, and the chemicals that mess with it. I was able to replace/distract myself from the physical act of smoking. But day 6 is when the anger basically hit me like a Mack truck, and I just got mad at well, absolutely nothing, and everything. It ebbs and flows, and now at day 14 it’s subsiding. I hope. Basically I snapped on the ones I care about the most(sadly, isn’t that the case😢), but I would love to hear from anyone who has gone through this anger stage, and if you have any tips, advice, supplements, foods, anything for me/other’s dealing with this. Keep on fighting the good fight everyone, I can already tell a major difference in me after 14 days, so I can only imagine what the future holds!
8zhc1m,1143,1151,ADR,numbness,nicotine,nicotine,Tingling/Numbness in Soles of Feet? History: Male 23 Overweight (27 BMI. Though caliper tests put me lower in terms of body fat, I'd still consider myself to be both strong and bigger than I need to be) Drink 2-4 alcoholic beverages a week Limit sugar intake on account of weight (1 or 2 12oz sodas a day, about two days a week of no sodas or sugar) Physically active (not strenuously so) 2-3 hours a day. Typically walking/jogging up and down stairs I have a vape, moderate nicotine levels Urine indicates decent hydration Urinate about 5-7 times daily Bowel movements 2-3 times daily Sexually active, but with the same partner for 5+ years (occasionally on the receiving end of anal intercourse) Coffee, black, approx twice daily. Sometimes with milk, no sugar Diet: Not the greatest. I try to eat plenty of vegetables (5-6 servings weekly, more with fruits) and don't eat out more than once weekly. Though often I cook things I probably shouldn't eat (Chicken parmesan, cheese burgers, frozen pizzas,etc). Fast for 16 hours daily Water intake: Approx 48-72oz daily  Symptoms:  For the last 24 hours, there has been an intermittent tingling/numbness in the soles of my feet, not painful but definitely noticable. No coldness as to indicate poor circulation. No frequent urination or other symptoms to indicate diabetes. Urine is rather pale and odor free, so I believe I am adequately hydrated. Sensation lasts about 6-12 hours, dies down for 2-3, then resurfaces.   Any thoughts?
8zglhg,873,882,ADR,addiction,nicotine,nicotine,Nicotine... liar. Hi. I'm writing this post to myself, though I'm sure some of you may relate. I'm on day 9 of my quit. This is my (many times attempt) at quit. I've gone for a long time, sometimes (like when I was pregnant and nursing.\[3x\]) Longest was 5 years. Then 2 years. Those were the longest periods.   Started my first cigarette age 11. (Back in the day when I could actually GO to a liquor store at age 11 and buy a pack of cigarettes. No questions asked). That pisses me off.  So, one of the things I hear in my head as I quit is "Hey... your friends/family will respect that you tried.. relapse is normal... you can always try again".   And, yeah, all that is true. But who does that serve? Ummm.. I think it serves BIG TOBACCO. And I think that's about it.  As one poster reminded me.."The solution to the problem is also the cause". That is the formula for addiction. It's a big itch... it sucks... but there is no escape from it other than to stop feeding it!  I've been using EFT tapping to calm my cravings.. has been working pretty well.  Honestly, I'm still on the fence about giving in and making the excuse that "I tried". I'm hugely tempted every moment (especially in the evening) to dig some old butts out of the trash.  I've been smoking for roughly 40 years. My (20 year-old) daughter's dad (ex-husband) passed away this year from Prostate cancer. I want to be here for them as long as I can. Heck, I want to be here for ME and not just here, but HERE in a big way.. where I can be present and contributing to the planet. My addiction has cut my life in half (at least). And I'm not just talking about longevity, I'm talking about participation in LIFE on a day to day basis.  Anyway... thanks for this forum and for letting me share (and ramble on). I keep moving forward and I pray for all of us to get out from under the thumb of that "F\*\*king Nicotine Beast"!!
8zglhg,1017,1025,ADR,cravings,nicotine,nicotine,Nicotine... liar. Hi. I'm writing this post to myself, though I'm sure some of you may relate. I'm on day 9 of my quit. This is my (many times attempt) at quit. I've gone for a long time, sometimes (like when I was pregnant and nursing.\[3x\]) Longest was 5 years. Then 2 years. Those were the longest periods.   Started my first cigarette age 11. (Back in the day when I could actually GO to a liquor store at age 11 and buy a pack of cigarettes. No questions asked). That pisses me off.  So, one of the things I hear in my head as I quit is "Hey... your friends/family will respect that you tried.. relapse is normal... you can always try again".   And, yeah, all that is true. But who does that serve? Ummm.. I think it serves BIG TOBACCO. And I think that's about it.  As one poster reminded me.."The solution to the problem is also the cause". That is the formula for addiction. It's a big itch... it sucks... but there is no escape from it other than to stop feeding it!  I've been using EFT tapping to calm my cravings.. has been working pretty well.  Honestly, I'm still on the fence about giving in and making the excuse that "I tried". I'm hugely tempted every moment (especially in the evening) to dig some old butts out of the trash.  I've been smoking for roughly 40 years. My (20 year-old) daughter's dad (ex-husband) passed away this year from Prostate cancer. I want to be here for them as long as I can. Heck, I want to be here for ME and not just here, but HERE in a big way.. where I can be present and contributing to the planet. My addiction has cut my life in half (at least). And I'm not just talking about longevity, I'm talking about participation in LIFE on a day to day basis.  Anyway... thanks for this forum and for letting me share (and ramble on). I keep moving forward and I pray for all of us to get out from under the thumb of that "F\*\*king Nicotine Beast"!!
8zg4x0,1202,1207,ADR,crave,nicotine,nicotine,7 days I am 24 years old and, up until 7 days ago, I smoked half a pack a day for about 6 years. I just want to thank everyone in this subreddit. This is a fantastic community, and it is the reason I have now gone 7 days without a cigarette and am totally confident that I will never have one again.  7 days ago, after browsing this sub for a while and inundating myself with all kinds of anti-smoking resources, I finally had my final cigarette. In fact, I soaked the remaining half a pack I had in my kitchen sink and tossed it!  I had gotten the gist of Allen Carr's Easy Way to Stop Smoking from posts on this sub, but also ordered the book for myself and am currently about half way through it. The man is right on the money. I love the way he belittles smoking and nicotine to help his readers realize they are not the big scary monsters they are often made out to be. The reason I am so confident that I am finally a non-smoker again is because of his method. I had tried to quit many times in the past by sheer willpower, and at my best attempt I think I made it 1 day. Now that I am using his advice, I know this is the real deal. I am no longer a smoker who is simply denying himself what he craves. I now see that what I used to crave did absolutely nothing of use for me and cost me dearly in terms of my health, wallet, and peace of mind. And I think more importantly I realized that quitting smoking does not have to be the impossible gauntlet it is often depicted as being.  There have been a few mild cravings in the past week, but nothing I couldn't shake off almost immediately. I am honestly amazed at how easy this first week of being a non-smoker has been, and I don't mean that to be arrogant. What I mean is that becoming a non-smoker using Mr. Carr's advice has been unimaginably easier than my previous attempts at quitting via the willpower method. It's a vastly different approach when you finally get it in your head that smoking offers ZERO benefits and a million detriments.  I owe a lot to this subreddit. It's great to come and see the progress posts and discussions every day by people who are trying and succeeding at escaping the addiction. If you're here, you're already taking a step in the right direction. Arm yourself with the right knowledge and understand that you don't need a godly amount of willpower to stop smoking - you just need to be honest with yourself about what it's really doing for you.
8zg4x0,1517,1525,ADR,cravings,nicotine,nicotine,7 days I am 24 years old and, up until 7 days ago, I smoked half a pack a day for about 6 years. I just want to thank everyone in this subreddit. This is a fantastic community, and it is the reason I have now gone 7 days without a cigarette and am totally confident that I will never have one again.  7 days ago, after browsing this sub for a while and inundating myself with all kinds of anti-smoking resources, I finally had my final cigarette. In fact, I soaked the remaining half a pack I had in my kitchen sink and tossed it!  I had gotten the gist of Allen Carr's Easy Way to Stop Smoking from posts on this sub, but also ordered the book for myself and am currently about half way through it. The man is right on the money. I love the way he belittles smoking and nicotine to help his readers realize they are not the big scary monsters they are often made out to be. The reason I am so confident that I am finally a non-smoker again is because of his method. I had tried to quit many times in the past by sheer willpower, and at my best attempt I think I made it 1 day. Now that I am using his advice, I know this is the real deal. I am no longer a smoker who is simply denying himself what he craves. I now see that what I used to crave did absolutely nothing of use for me and cost me dearly in terms of my health, wallet, and peace of mind. And I think more importantly I realized that quitting smoking does not have to be the impossible gauntlet it is often depicted as being.  There have been a few mild cravings in the past week, but nothing I couldn't shake off almost immediately. I am honestly amazed at how easy this first week of being a non-smoker has been, and I don't mean that to be arrogant. What I mean is that becoming a non-smoker using Mr. Carr's advice has been unimaginably easier than my previous attempts at quitting via the willpower method. It's a vastly different approach when you finally get it in your head that smoking offers ZERO benefits and a million detriments.  I owe a lot to this subreddit. It's great to come and see the progress posts and discussions every day by people who are trying and succeeding at escaping the addiction. If you're here, you're already taking a step in the right direction. Arm yourself with the right knowledge and understand that you don't need a godly amount of willpower to stop smoking - you just need to be honest with yourself about what it's really doing for you.
8zfcsg,541,562,ADR,restless leg syndrome,nicotine,nicotine,No appetite whatsoever help For the past four or so months I’ve had no appetite. I thought it was the nicotine, or the coffee so I cut both out. Two months later and nothing has changed. For example, it’s 6 pm now and I haven’t had anything. The thought of food is very unappetizing, and when I do eat I get full very fast and become super bloated. I’m a tiny girl, 5ft tall and last time I checked I was 89 pounds. and now I’ve lost even more weight as my clothes aren’t fitting right. I take vitamins regularly but I’m starting to get bad restless leg syndrome I assume from not eating. I don’t smoke but I tried out CBD oil that a friend recommended and it didn’t do much. Does anyone have any tips or suggestions on how I can get my appetite back?
8zeop5,14,26,ADR,mouth ulcers,nicotine,nicotine,Canker sores/ mouth ulcers from vaping... Hey everyone,   I’ve been vaping for a couple of weeks now and I am getting loads of mouth ulcers. I vape 70/30 vg pg, I vape 3-6mg nicotine, and I have never been a heavy cigarette smoker.   Does anyone have any advice? It would be hugely appreciated as I don’t want to have to quit vaping.
8zeop5,0,12,ADR,Canker sores,nicotine,nicotine,Canker sores/ mouth ulcers from vaping... Hey everyone,   I’ve been vaping for a couple of weeks now and I am getting loads of mouth ulcers. I vape 70/30 vg pg, I vape 3-6mg nicotine, and I have never been a heavy cigarette smoker.   Does anyone have any advice? It would be hugely appreciated as I don’t want to have to quit vaping.
8zdtmy,0,8,ADR,Headache,nicotine,nicotine,Headache after switching from marb blacks to reds Is this because of nicotine content or what ? I’m baffled rn...
8zdjnb,1705,1714,ADR,addiction,nicotine,nicotine,Big issue with my partner getting on board with medication use. Help? **Backstory:**  I've been seeing a therapist for years now to address what amounts to a very very shitty childhood. I am diagnosed as having PTSD due to the stuff I've lived through. While talking through my personal history with school and work I came to a point where I said "I'm on thin ice, my manager keeps saying that I need to focus". The therapist in turn stops the conversation and says that she has suspected that I may have ADD and that I should speak with a psychiatrist.   Fast forward some weeks and I meet with the psychiatrist. His call was to start treatment with 15mg Adderall.   Getting that diagnoses felt like a godsend. Everything just sharply came into focus. My underperformance in school while also being one of the smart kids, my constant messes (my home and work desks are battlefields), my start/stops with projects, my inability to sit and read without drifting off into adjacent thoughts, my anxiety, my sense that I am not living up to my potential, the fact that I am always late with deadlines....all of it just makes sense.    Before the diagnoses I was using a fuckton of coffee to get through the day as well as occasionally using modafinil and constantly using nicotine gum to keep focused.   **The Problems:**  So, I was ready to start taking the Adderall but I really needed my partner to be on board. I have a minor preexisting heart condition so I had that looked into, that doctor approved it and that doctor is in direct communication with the psychiatrist who is also in direct communication with my therapist. Solid village.   Now things are hinging on two points. The first is that I have addiction on both sides of my family but I have not expressed addiction in the sense of needing to attend a program. I have never lost a job because of substance abuse, I do not hide what I do. My partner is deeply afraid that I'm going to turn into an addicted user who will turn to god knows what to get my hands on drugs.   The second point is that my partner does not believe the diagnoses, or rather she thinks my therapist and psychiatrist are quacks or are too quick to diagnose because, PTSD and ADHD may share symptoms (and they are/can be comorbid)   There is also the issue that it's my doctors against hers. I trust my doctors but she is pitting what her own therapist is saying about my situation against my group of doctors.   So, I'm going to go for further analysis but I have a sense of what will be said.   I guess, I'm really fucking frustrated about this. To the savagelove fans out there, this is no DTMFA situation, this is my wife. Has anyone been through a similar situation?
8zdg7l,2455,2467,ADR,irritability,nicotine,nicotine,A slippery slope... Non smoker for 7 years, intensely addicted after 7 weeks. May 25th, I decided to smoke a small, hand rolled cigarette.  I don't know why.  The feeling... my god, the feeling.  The sensation throughout my body was divine.  Tingly, heavenly...  welcoming.  Like the hug of an old friend. May 26th, I smoked another.  I vowed to only dabble...  to smoke one on occasion so that I always enjoyed this feeling, this high, of the smoke.  13 days (maybe 4-6 hand rollies)  later, I bought a pack of nicotine gum in hopes of achieving that same glorious feeling once in awhile at work but without the nasty side effects of smoking...  the smell, the sore throat, the health impact.  The gum was a little tingly but overall underwhelming.    Over the next few weekends when I was drunk I'd smoked a few hand rolled cigarettes until I became too drunk to roll.  Same thing on 6-9.  So when 6-16 rolled around and the loose tobacco was out, I begged my husband to pick up a pack Marlboro lights "to cut them open and use the tobacco for rollies" .. Instead, I just smoked them intermittently (on evenings when I drank) over the next few weeks between hand rollies.    When I smoked that pack, I bought another.  That night my husband casually mentioned when the Marlboros were gone, we shouldn't buy more because we didn't want to keep smoking.  Although it was too late, I agreed.  I replaced that old pack with the new one, determined not to buy anymore after that.  After all, it's not like I was a smoker again.  On 6-8, I bought a disposable e-cig.  I spent the entire week of 6-8 vaping at work.  At my desk.  In the bathroom.  After the kids go to bed.  Late at night in the shower.  I ended up buying 2 packs of refills and 3 more starter kits for a total of 8 cartridges in a weeks time.  Worst part?  I no longer get the feeling.  I don't get the high.  Now I'm just dependent on it.  Worst of all, I can feel myself being short tempered with my kids.  With my husband.  With people around me.  I'm irritable and I know what's causing it:  nicotine.  I've gone from a non smoker to a nicotine fiend in 7 weeks.    ITS NOT EVEN NOTICEABLY ENJOYABLE ANYMORE.  I don't get the tingly, heavenly sensation pulsing like happy lightening through my body when I take a hit.  Not when I light up, not when I puff on the vape, not when I chew the gum.  The nicotine doesn't give me the high anymore, it only (barely and temporarily) satiates the irritability.  The solution to the problem is also the cause.  A problem I didn't have 8 weeks ago.  Damn you nicotine, you beautiful yet lethal mistress.  Tease.  And now after 7 years of being a non smoker, I have to quit again :(  Here's to day 1!
8zcye1,234,243,ADR,dizziness,nicotine,nicotine,Just relapsed, let me tell you how it went. I made it to day 4, but I made the decision to relapse because my quit-zits were out of control. I knew that nicotine would help them, and I was right.   But.   What I didn't expect was the dizziness. Not good dizziness either, I mean the kind that makes you unable to walk straight, and the kind that makes your whole body shake.   I didn't expect vomiting right after either. I vomited the most I ever have, and I was dead sober.   I didn't expect feeling worse than I did before. I have a headache now, and I can assure you I am fully hydrated.   I didn't expect how bad it would taste. IT TASTES LIKE POISON, I SWEAR TO GOD. Thats why my body forced me to throw it up.   I didn't expect my anxiety to return either. I didn't expect the complatency I feel now.   I did it because of my pimples, and I sure hope it helps. Because I am never going to do this for "relaxation" again.   You are NOT MISSING ANYTHING, TAKE MY WORD FOR IT.
8zcye1,357,373,ADR,whole body shake,nicotine,nicotine,Just relapsed, let me tell you how it went. I made it to day 4, but I made the decision to relapse because my quit-zits were out of control. I knew that nicotine would help them, and I was right.   But.   What I didn't expect was the dizziness. Not good dizziness either, I mean the kind that makes you unable to walk straight, and the kind that makes your whole body shake.   I didn't expect vomiting right after either. I vomited the most I ever have, and I was dead sober.   I didn't expect feeling worse than I did before. I have a headache now, and I can assure you I am fully hydrated.   I didn't expect how bad it would taste. IT TASTES LIKE POISON, I SWEAR TO GOD. Thats why my body forced me to throw it up.   I didn't expect my anxiety to return either. I didn't expect the complatency I feel now.   I did it because of my pimples, and I sure hope it helps. Because I am never going to do this for "relaxation" again.   You are NOT MISSING ANYTHING, TAKE MY WORD FOR IT.
8zcye1,393,401,ADR,vomiting,nicotine,nicotine,Just relapsed, let me tell you how it went. I made it to day 4, but I made the decision to relapse because my quit-zits were out of control. I knew that nicotine would help them, and I was right.   But.   What I didn't expect was the dizziness. Not good dizziness either, I mean the kind that makes you unable to walk straight, and the kind that makes your whole body shake.   I didn't expect vomiting right after either. I vomited the most I ever have, and I was dead sober.   I didn't expect feeling worse than I did before. I have a headache now, and I can assure you I am fully hydrated.   I didn't expect how bad it would taste. IT TASTES LIKE POISON, I SWEAR TO GOD. Thats why my body forced me to throw it up.   I didn't expect my anxiety to return either. I didn't expect the complatency I feel now.   I did it because of my pimples, and I sure hope it helps. Because I am never going to do this for "relaxation" again.   You are NOT MISSING ANYTHING, TAKE MY WORD FOR IT.
8zcye1,536,544,ADR,headache,nicotine,nicotine,Just relapsed, let me tell you how it went. I made it to day 4, but I made the decision to relapse because my quit-zits were out of control. I knew that nicotine would help them, and I was right.   But.   What I didn't expect was the dizziness. Not good dizziness either, I mean the kind that makes you unable to walk straight, and the kind that makes your whole body shake.   I didn't expect vomiting right after either. I vomited the most I ever have, and I was dead sober.   I didn't expect feeling worse than I did before. I have a headache now, and I can assure you I am fully hydrated.   I didn't expect how bad it would taste. IT TASTES LIKE POISON, I SWEAR TO GOD. Thats why my body forced me to throw it up.   I didn't expect my anxiety to return either. I didn't expect the complatency I feel now.   I did it because of my pimples, and I sure hope it helps. Because I am never going to do this for "relaxation" again.   You are NOT MISSING ANYTHING, TAKE MY WORD FOR IT.
8zcye1,738,745,ADR,anxiety,nicotine,nicotine,Just relapsed, let me tell you how it went. I made it to day 4, but I made the decision to relapse because my quit-zits were out of control. I knew that nicotine would help them, and I was right.   But.   What I didn't expect was the dizziness. Not good dizziness either, I mean the kind that makes you unable to walk straight, and the kind that makes your whole body shake.   I didn't expect vomiting right after either. I vomited the most I ever have, and I was dead sober.   I didn't expect feeling worse than I did before. I have a headache now, and I can assure you I am fully hydrated.   I didn't expect how bad it would taste. IT TASTES LIKE POISON, I SWEAR TO GOD. Thats why my body forced me to throw it up.   I didn't expect my anxiety to return either. I didn't expect the complatency I feel now.   I did it because of my pimples, and I sure hope it helps. Because I am never going to do this for "relaxation" again.   You are NOT MISSING ANYTHING, TAKE MY WORD FOR IT.
8zcifd,0,9,ADR,Brain fog,nicotine,nicotine,Brain fog / derealization?? I so want this quit to be THE quit. But each time I quit smoking I get such a brain fog and things just don't seem 'real' could this be an effect of nicotine withdrawal?  When I've gone back to smoking it seems to go away but I'm not happy smoking so this has kept me stuck.
8zcifd,12,25,ADR,derealization,nicotine,nicotine,Brain fog / derealization?? I so want this quit to be THE quit. But each time I quit smoking I get such a brain fog and things just don't seem 'real' could this be an effect of nicotine withdrawal?  When I've gone back to smoking it seems to go away but I'm not happy smoking so this has kept me stuck.
8zcifd,186,196,ADR,withdrawal,nicotine,nicotine,Brain fog / derealization?? I so want this quit to be THE quit. But each time I quit smoking I get such a brain fog and things just don't seem 'real' could this be an effect of nicotine withdrawal?  When I've gone back to smoking it seems to go away but I'm not happy smoking so this has kept me stuck.
8zch5v,860,867,ADR,craving,nicotine,nicotine,Im at 55 days and have a strong urge to lite up. When I get high. I can hear myself go, ugh it's just one it's okay. It's the same thing I fell into every-time I stopped smoking before.   I am having a drink and was discussing  business with my partner, it's been awhile this routine. As we often did this while smoking and smoking up.   Since I've quit smoking now we stopped this for awhile, things were a bit bitter but we've been in business together for far too long and we got each other through and through.   I'm not sure if I can smoke up though as I tend to have alot of cigarettes after, if I do smoke up it has to be without the nicotine, I guess? Anyone done this? any suggestions will help. I'm fine giving it up as well.   I've been having a drink in the evenings well we all need something to losen our inhibitions. But Even a drink gives me a craving especially following the older routine. I have to change it up. If I'm by myself I don't feel like smoking only when I'm around other smokers.  I believe/think I have an addictive nature, nicotine has to be out of it. Drinks is fine as I don't have  too much, and I Know myself on it. The thing with pot is after awhile I get paranoid and don't know what is real and what's imagined. Guess even drinking too much will/can do that if it does not knock me out first :D but the past I drank too much was when I was in my teens.   Anyways I guess this post helped me think it through I'm feeling better now... About not smoking. Also, I still can use suggestions about the weed. Anyone who quit smoking continue on this with vape? I've never done it clean so it may blow my brains out : D
8zch5v,1038,1047,ADR,addictive,nicotine,nicotine,Im at 55 days and have a strong urge to lite up. When I get high. I can hear myself go, ugh it's just one it's okay. It's the same thing I fell into every-time I stopped smoking before.   I am having a drink and was discussing  business with my partner, it's been awhile this routine. As we often did this while smoking and smoking up.   Since I've quit smoking now we stopped this for awhile, things were a bit bitter but we've been in business together for far too long and we got each other through and through.   I'm not sure if I can smoke up though as I tend to have alot of cigarettes after, if I do smoke up it has to be without the nicotine, I guess? Anyone done this? any suggestions will help. I'm fine giving it up as well.   I've been having a drink in the evenings well we all need something to losen our inhibitions. But Even a drink gives me a craving especially following the older routine. I have to change it up. If I'm by myself I don't feel like smoking only when I'm around other smokers.  I believe/think I have an addictive nature, nicotine has to be out of it. Drinks is fine as I don't have  too much, and I Know myself on it. The thing with pot is after awhile I get paranoid and don't know what is real and what's imagined. Guess even drinking too much will/can do that if it does not knock me out first :D but the past I drank too much was when I was in my teens.   Anyways I guess this post helped me think it through I'm feeling better now... About not smoking. Also, I still can use suggestions about the weed. Anyone who quit smoking continue on this with vape? I've never done it clean so it may blow my brains out : D
8zbwk1,228,237,ADR,addiction,nicotine,nicotine,Can you neurologically explain why some people are more predisposed to getting addicted to various things? I often hear people saying “I have an addictive personality,” and they assess themselves to be more likely to succumb to addiction, whether it be alcohol, nicotine, stimulates, or sugar, more so than the average individual.   Can this be explained on a neurological level? What makes an individual more or less susceptible to addiction? And I guess to follow up that question; can all personality traits be broken down to such a level as well? Thanks.
8zbh1i,372,381,ADR,addiction,nicotine,nicotine,Lifestyle change help Hi, long story short, I want to change my eatung habits. I've tried keto, fasting, water fasting, dieting etc etc and the weight comes off and then goes back on. The thing is, I don't want to eat '1200 calories of bacon and cheese and veg' etc. I want to make the whole change now and I want to beat what I think is the 'sugar trap', a western sugar addiction that's spiralling out of control. I weigh 96kg and I'm 6"1. I was 130kg at my biggest a few years back and I just know that despite keeping that weight off, I need more. It has to be constant - and a complete change in mindset and genuine understanding - longterm. If anyone has any good books they recommend I'd be grateful. I quit smoking 8 years ago using a couple of books debunking the nicotine trap and it worked immediately, not smoked since. Firmly believe that knowledge is power, etc.   Many thanks
8zaeut,6729,6746,ADR,sensory deception,nicotine,nicotine,Story of my terrifying acid trip on 4/20 So this is quite a long read, sorry! I wrote this the other day, and wanted to share it.  The date was April 20th – a notorious day around the world for hippies, stoners and the average Joe who enjoys the occasional smoke. I believe any other avid weed smoker would agree with me when I say that 4/20 feels like a stoners Christmas. What better excuse is there to hang out with the friends you love most, get high and share great experiences with? It’s fucking 4/20, man!   Let’s begin with the night before – the eve of the day my friends and I had been excited for and discussing for months. We trekked to the usual man who would sell us weed regularly, about an hour journey there and back – no problem. He is a funny character, but always has quality weed and is always willing to sell. We’re definitely happy with the non-spoken agreement we have with this man. So, we buy an ounce of what was believed to be amnesia – a very common strain around London. For good reason, however, it’s always a nice smoke. The effects definitely give its name justice. Our weed is retrieved, and we head back home. The process of what we call ‘marijuana the split’ was performed, in reference to Earl Sweatshirt’s ‘Knight’. We split our weed four ways – seven grams of grass each. They were like our Christmas presents. We could open them early, but we wouldn’t have as many for the next day which is the day that really counts. I smoke as little as possible before heading to bed, and pre-roll all my weed. I find rolling outside to be such a pain; wind speeds can be unpredictable. You have a lot more control inside when rolling up a joint. I recall being able to make nine king-L joints, and two standard blunts – not too shabby for a quarter ounce.  I wake up, 10am. It feels like Christmas, but even better! Naturally the first thing you have to do on 4/20 is get one of your friends over to your place and spark up a blunt. We used a blueberry hemp wrap, and they have a very natural feeling to them. It’s the same sensation of smoking a blunt minus the lightheaded nicotine rush you get. Good flavour, too. My 4/20 squad gathers shortly after the blunt, and we begin our trek to Hyde Park. I’ve been there several times before on 4/20. Each time there has been a peaceful and accepting atmosphere. However a lot of people do just go there to smoke weed. It’s important to remember you’re trying to make a difference – a difference in making cannabis legal. Why? Less dealers on the street, legal use of it for medication, millions to be made on tax and less time wasted by police dealing with stoners – just to name a few reasons. With the amount of police and online publication this event gets, it’s important to spread a message of peace and positivity of not just the medicinal and recreational use of weed, but also a face behind the smoke.   My expectations of the event this year were very different than what actually happened. The weed we bought was quality, and we ended up just smoking, eating, listening to music and drifting in and out of consciousness in the scorching sun for a good four hours. It’s always a magical moment when it hits 4:20pm at the park. It’s almost obligatory that you spark a joint or blunt for yourself. Why not two? We decided a few days prior to attempt to get hold of some acid for after this smoky event. I called the iconic man, who we called Sid. In reality, we had and still have no idea of his real name; he sells acid, so obviously we had to call him Sid. Another drug dealer we knew who was quite the character. We always joked about him being an evil genius, who wore a lab coat round the house making unfathomable amounts of acid in his labs – he seemed like the type. I gave him a call around five, and he said he was at the park also – perfect! We gathered, and waddled over to meet him and one of his boys, as he guided us over to his spot with his other boys and his bag, which I can only assume was full of drugs. He explained to us he had no tabs unfortunately, but he did have liquid pre-dropped on sugar cubes. Of course I was intrigued – advertised at 260 micrograms per cube, who would be complaining? So we bought eight, thanked the man, and went on our merry way home to trip balls.   I distinctly remember what felt like a very long journey home. One long tube ride, and a bus in the afternoon sun is never pleasant. It gets sticky very quickly. We soon arrive back at our halls, and stumble back upstairs where we take our acid. I drop three cubes, friend A also drops three and friend B drops two. In retrospect, this idea was pretty stupid – however, we are all fools when it comes to acid; all seeking the psychedelic break through to ‘heal us’. How silly we were. In my view, acid doesn’t hold any answers but acts somewhat as a catalyst into our inner psyche to bring up subconscious desires and thoughts. It really is fascinating to be confronted with your true self and, depending on your point of view, that can be either beautiful or terrifying. Only after about twenty minutes of dropping the acid, I’m starting to feel it – pretty strong too. However, I doubt the sugar cubes were 260 micrograms, but were definitely very strong nonetheless. As soon as it kicked in, things began to slowly go south.  The thing I have found with acid is I can’t stay in the same location for a long time, otherwise I will slowly but surely lose my sanity. From what I’ve heard, it’s a similar case for a lot of other fellow psychonauts. As a result of this, my friends and I decided to sit out on top of a communal area within our student halls. To paint a picture, it was surrounded by buildings which students all lived in with hundreds of windows with a perfect vantage point to the sofas we were sat on, which was located about a story or two high – whereas the other buildings ranged from eleven to sixteen stories. I distinctly remember the buildings we were surrounded by collapsing and falling into themselves, as if they had just undergone a demolition process. It was at this point strange vibes began to creep in, as I realised far too much acid had been consumed. Because of the buildings collapsing, I could only see blue sky beyond this building we were on. It felt as if we were on the only structure still stable on this planet. I remember thinking ‘shit, how are we going to get back? The stairs down to the ground with lead to the abyss, and our building has gone’. Silly, psychedelic overthinking is always stupid when you look back at it.  By some miracle, we managed to get back to the room, which I have absolutely no recollection of, of course. We proceeded to sit in pure psychedelia, as the visuals and other sensory deception took over – what I was absorbing through my senses was not what was really happening. I managed to somehow make it onto an airbed that was in the room, and lied down as the body high was simply far too much for me to sit up right. Because of this experience, the airbed still sends me bad vibrations every time I see it – as if it knows and has seen too much. As I laid on the airbed, my acid came on so strong to the point I didn’t even know it was possible it could be that strong. I was fully immersed in visuals – I could barely see my hand when I held it in front of my face. Ego death is a term that gets thrown around a lot regarding psychedelics, and oh boy did I go through one. I laid on that cursed bed, having forgotten my name, forgotten my friends names, forgotten who I was as a person and even forgot I was on acid. I was fully convinced this was my life for the rest of eternity. I couldn’t do anything to save myself from the hole I dug myself a few hours prior, which I only just fell deep into.  During this time, my visuals were very dark – physically and metaphorically. I remember it looking like a dark, grim and abandoned abyss – no love, no people and no hope. I was left in complete despair. Then, something magical happened. I heard a voice. But where was it coming from? Who was it? At the time writing this, I know it was friend A, who was also submerged in dark psychedelia. However, at the time these events took place, I had no option but to trust the voice. To quote myself ‘I don’t know who you are, but I trust you’. We eventually somehow found each other in this dark abyss in physical form. We held each other in our arms – crying our eyes out believing we were going to escape this dark void. Thinking about that experience still gives me a weird feeling in my throat and makes me shiver ever so slightly. However, our trust of each other’s voice prevailed. Shortly after, I began to remember social constructs and simple things such as people’s names and my own personal identity. It was beautiful really. Friend A and I have experienced a lot together, and we’re those two friends who you always see together somehow – never without the other, like Fred and George Weasley. To this day it still saddens me we had to go through such a dark and traumatic experience just to understand the true power of acid. We’re good people – we didn’t deserve that much of a dark experience. Nonetheless, we have both learned a lot from it and healed significantly from the trip. It helped us get a lot closer; not that we weren’t close friends already. We are brothers. I’ve only known the man for ten or so months – yet I still indescribably love him.   So what did I learn from this experience? I definitely learnt that I shouldn’t fuck about with acid! British culture around drugs is extremely fiendish – with people I’ve seen as young as fifteen taking unfathomable amounts of class A’s such as MDMA. It’s become a competitive culture – unspoken, but always lingering at a social gathering or a night out. ‘I can do more drugs than you’. It’s fucking stupid that people treat harming the body with neurotoxic chemicals like MDMA as if it were a sport. I guess that aspect of British drug culture engulfed me that night. ‘Of course, I can handle (supposedly) 780 micrograms of acid’. No chance, son. The friends I tripped with that night I will never forget. I have, as I’m sure they do too, so much love to give. It’s extremely wholesome knowing they exist and I can be involved with them. I’ve said it once, and I’ll say it again to end on an upbeat note – I love them so much.
8zaeut,7032,7046,ADR,bad vibrations,nicotine,nicotine,Story of my terrifying acid trip on 4/20 So this is quite a long read, sorry! I wrote this the other day, and wanted to share it.  The date was April 20th – a notorious day around the world for hippies, stoners and the average Joe who enjoys the occasional smoke. I believe any other avid weed smoker would agree with me when I say that 4/20 feels like a stoners Christmas. What better excuse is there to hang out with the friends you love most, get high and share great experiences with? It’s fucking 4/20, man!   Let’s begin with the night before – the eve of the day my friends and I had been excited for and discussing for months. We trekked to the usual man who would sell us weed regularly, about an hour journey there and back – no problem. He is a funny character, but always has quality weed and is always willing to sell. We’re definitely happy with the non-spoken agreement we have with this man. So, we buy an ounce of what was believed to be amnesia – a very common strain around London. For good reason, however, it’s always a nice smoke. The effects definitely give its name justice. Our weed is retrieved, and we head back home. The process of what we call ‘marijuana the split’ was performed, in reference to Earl Sweatshirt’s ‘Knight’. We split our weed four ways – seven grams of grass each. They were like our Christmas presents. We could open them early, but we wouldn’t have as many for the next day which is the day that really counts. I smoke as little as possible before heading to bed, and pre-roll all my weed. I find rolling outside to be such a pain; wind speeds can be unpredictable. You have a lot more control inside when rolling up a joint. I recall being able to make nine king-L joints, and two standard blunts – not too shabby for a quarter ounce.  I wake up, 10am. It feels like Christmas, but even better! Naturally the first thing you have to do on 4/20 is get one of your friends over to your place and spark up a blunt. We used a blueberry hemp wrap, and they have a very natural feeling to them. It’s the same sensation of smoking a blunt minus the lightheaded nicotine rush you get. Good flavour, too. My 4/20 squad gathers shortly after the blunt, and we begin our trek to Hyde Park. I’ve been there several times before on 4/20. Each time there has been a peaceful and accepting atmosphere. However a lot of people do just go there to smoke weed. It’s important to remember you’re trying to make a difference – a difference in making cannabis legal. Why? Less dealers on the street, legal use of it for medication, millions to be made on tax and less time wasted by police dealing with stoners – just to name a few reasons. With the amount of police and online publication this event gets, it’s important to spread a message of peace and positivity of not just the medicinal and recreational use of weed, but also a face behind the smoke.   My expectations of the event this year were very different than what actually happened. The weed we bought was quality, and we ended up just smoking, eating, listening to music and drifting in and out of consciousness in the scorching sun for a good four hours. It’s always a magical moment when it hits 4:20pm at the park. It’s almost obligatory that you spark a joint or blunt for yourself. Why not two? We decided a few days prior to attempt to get hold of some acid for after this smoky event. I called the iconic man, who we called Sid. In reality, we had and still have no idea of his real name; he sells acid, so obviously we had to call him Sid. Another drug dealer we knew who was quite the character. We always joked about him being an evil genius, who wore a lab coat round the house making unfathomable amounts of acid in his labs – he seemed like the type. I gave him a call around five, and he said he was at the park also – perfect! We gathered, and waddled over to meet him and one of his boys, as he guided us over to his spot with his other boys and his bag, which I can only assume was full of drugs. He explained to us he had no tabs unfortunately, but he did have liquid pre-dropped on sugar cubes. Of course I was intrigued – advertised at 260 micrograms per cube, who would be complaining? So we bought eight, thanked the man, and went on our merry way home to trip balls.   I distinctly remember what felt like a very long journey home. One long tube ride, and a bus in the afternoon sun is never pleasant. It gets sticky very quickly. We soon arrive back at our halls, and stumble back upstairs where we take our acid. I drop three cubes, friend A also drops three and friend B drops two. In retrospect, this idea was pretty stupid – however, we are all fools when it comes to acid; all seeking the psychedelic break through to ‘heal us’. How silly we were. In my view, acid doesn’t hold any answers but acts somewhat as a catalyst into our inner psyche to bring up subconscious desires and thoughts. It really is fascinating to be confronted with your true self and, depending on your point of view, that can be either beautiful or terrifying. Only after about twenty minutes of dropping the acid, I’m starting to feel it – pretty strong too. However, I doubt the sugar cubes were 260 micrograms, but were definitely very strong nonetheless. As soon as it kicked in, things began to slowly go south.  The thing I have found with acid is I can’t stay in the same location for a long time, otherwise I will slowly but surely lose my sanity. From what I’ve heard, it’s a similar case for a lot of other fellow psychonauts. As a result of this, my friends and I decided to sit out on top of a communal area within our student halls. To paint a picture, it was surrounded by buildings which students all lived in with hundreds of windows with a perfect vantage point to the sofas we were sat on, which was located about a story or two high – whereas the other buildings ranged from eleven to sixteen stories. I distinctly remember the buildings we were surrounded by collapsing and falling into themselves, as if they had just undergone a demolition process. It was at this point strange vibes began to creep in, as I realised far too much acid had been consumed. Because of the buildings collapsing, I could only see blue sky beyond this building we were on. It felt as if we were on the only structure still stable on this planet. I remember thinking ‘shit, how are we going to get back? The stairs down to the ground with lead to the abyss, and our building has gone’. Silly, psychedelic overthinking is always stupid when you look back at it.  By some miracle, we managed to get back to the room, which I have absolutely no recollection of, of course. We proceeded to sit in pure psychedelia, as the visuals and other sensory deception took over – what I was absorbing through my senses was not what was really happening. I managed to somehow make it onto an airbed that was in the room, and lied down as the body high was simply far too much for me to sit up right. Because of this experience, the airbed still sends me bad vibrations every time I see it – as if it knows and has seen too much. As I laid on the airbed, my acid came on so strong to the point I didn’t even know it was possible it could be that strong. I was fully immersed in visuals – I could barely see my hand when I held it in front of my face. Ego death is a term that gets thrown around a lot regarding psychedelics, and oh boy did I go through one. I laid on that cursed bed, having forgotten my name, forgotten my friends names, forgotten who I was as a person and even forgot I was on acid. I was fully convinced this was my life for the rest of eternity. I couldn’t do anything to save myself from the hole I dug myself a few hours prior, which I only just fell deep into.  During this time, my visuals were very dark – physically and metaphorically. I remember it looking like a dark, grim and abandoned abyss – no love, no people and no hope. I was left in complete despair. Then, something magical happened. I heard a voice. But where was it coming from? Who was it? At the time writing this, I know it was friend A, who was also submerged in dark psychedelia. However, at the time these events took place, I had no option but to trust the voice. To quote myself ‘I don’t know who you are, but I trust you’. We eventually somehow found each other in this dark abyss in physical form. We held each other in our arms – crying our eyes out believing we were going to escape this dark void. Thinking about that experience still gives me a weird feeling in my throat and makes me shiver ever so slightly. However, our trust of each other’s voice prevailed. Shortly after, I began to remember social constructs and simple things such as people’s names and my own personal identity. It was beautiful really. Friend A and I have experienced a lot together, and we’re those two friends who you always see together somehow – never without the other, like Fred and George Weasley. To this day it still saddens me we had to go through such a dark and traumatic experience just to understand the true power of acid. We’re good people – we didn’t deserve that much of a dark experience. Nonetheless, we have both learned a lot from it and healed significantly from the trip. It helped us get a lot closer; not that we weren’t close friends already. We are brothers. I’ve only known the man for ten or so months – yet I still indescribably love him.   So what did I learn from this experience? I definitely learnt that I shouldn’t fuck about with acid! British culture around drugs is extremely fiendish – with people I’ve seen as young as fifteen taking unfathomable amounts of class A’s such as MDMA. It’s become a competitive culture – unspoken, but always lingering at a social gathering or a night out. ‘I can do more drugs than you’. It’s fucking stupid that people treat harming the body with neurotoxic chemicals like MDMA as if it were a sport. I guess that aspect of British drug culture engulfed me that night. ‘Of course, I can handle (supposedly) 780 micrograms of acid’. No chance, son. The friends I tripped with that night I will never forget. I have, as I’m sure they do too, so much love to give. It’s extremely wholesome knowing they exist and I can be involved with them. I’ve said it once, and I’ll say it again to end on an upbeat note – I love them so much.
8z9zyh,118,128,ADR,addictions,nicotine,nicotine,How do I quit smoking and gaming? I turned 25 yesterday and my life has been a mess. I have decided to get over these addictions and move onto better things. Any advice would be immensely appreciated.  Also, how useful /harmful are nicotine gums?
8z8lyu,196,206,ADR,withdrawal,nicotine,nicotine,Day 6 Compared to yesterday, today was a tough day again.  I had work topday and when I woke up I felt like something was trying to leave my body and idk what it could be whether it was nerves or withdrawal but it seemed too early to decide what it was.  I visited my parents today for the first time with both of them in the room and it felt awkward. I told them I went out yesterday with my gf and how I held a big ass thing of water so not even alcohol would tempt me. They were like "that's good" which I don't think got through to them. My gf said she would talk to my mom for me a little bit because she has seen me everyday and its been an emotional roller coaster for us both since she's known I've been smoking since I was 16 years old but she told me on the way home that she didn't speak to her and that I should take it day at a time. I agree with her but for some reason that made me think of the moments when I would be smoking. Like right now, I'm back at my apartment watching TV and typing this when I'm usually smoking a blunt or a bowl right now and IT'S DIFFICULT AF. I don't wanna call it a quits but by God this shit is hard af. Luckily in the next two days I'm visiting some friends in the city who are not huge into smoking and have been helping me cope with my addiction. I thought about juuling or doing disposable vapes but the whole feeling of nicotine kinda grosses me out but when I was 15 I smoked disposables and felt fine... I'm kinda contradicting myself I feel like so IDK.  I will say this, my sleep has been so much better and I had my first dream in months and it felt extremely real and I gotta say I missed that feeling.  \-  RD
8z8ewj,820,832,ADR,stomach hurt,nicotine,nicotine,Nutmeg Okay here is my experience with nutmeg  Keep in mind the nutmeg was old and it was ground nutmeg so it wasn't fresh in the first place  So right now I'm in Utah and weed is illegal and my dad over here recently got off of drugs (not like he had that much of a choice since weeds illegal) but we both moved from Washington and he's pretty strict so I decided to try to trip on nutmeg because I saw on orange is the new black the crazy bitches were doing it and I found out you really could get high off of nutmeg so I gave it a try despite the countless reports not to so here is my trip  10:00pm took 3 tablespoons of ground nutmeg  10:05pm a slight funny feeling may just be because I was scared at first  10:30pm funny feeling begins to grow but nothing too weird  11:30pm slight stoned feeling no euphoria but stomach hurt a bit and nausea   12:30am medium stoned as if I smoked half a bull out of a pipe but it did feel good  2:30am started to feel euphoria but a different kind of euphoria almost a sexual euphoria if that makes sense  3:30am the effects are wearing off it wasn't even that big of a trip in the first place so it wasn't worth it  4:00am I finally go to sleep realizing it's not going to make me trip like a weed/lsd feeling I heard about online  10:00am I wake up feeling a slight nicotine buzz as if I smoked a cigarette 5 minutes ago  Over summary: If your going to try it there are Pros and Cons, Pros: good if it's all you have, creates a buzz effect that you will still seem normal to others but you feel different yourself Cons: it's not like any other drug if your looking for a replacement, it was quite addicting I did it for 5 nights until I ran out, nausea and headaches and stomach aches  So if you read this far before you comment something ignorant like "fuck nutmeg" it was actually good it wasn't a hallucination trip but it does make you realize things like a self realization definitely going to try whole nutmeg once but would not recommend trying ground nutmeg more than once and if you do try it there tablespoons is enough I used a regular spoon from my plastic silverware kit
8z8ewj,843,849,ADR,nausea,nicotine,nicotine,Nutmeg Okay here is my experience with nutmeg  Keep in mind the nutmeg was old and it was ground nutmeg so it wasn't fresh in the first place  So right now I'm in Utah and weed is illegal and my dad over here recently got off of drugs (not like he had that much of a choice since weeds illegal) but we both moved from Washington and he's pretty strict so I decided to try to trip on nutmeg because I saw on orange is the new black the crazy bitches were doing it and I found out you really could get high off of nutmeg so I gave it a try despite the countless reports not to so here is my trip  10:00pm took 3 tablespoons of ground nutmeg  10:05pm a slight funny feeling may just be because I was scared at first  10:30pm funny feeling begins to grow but nothing too weird  11:30pm slight stoned feeling no euphoria but stomach hurt a bit and nausea   12:30am medium stoned as if I smoked half a bull out of a pipe but it did feel good  2:30am started to feel euphoria but a different kind of euphoria almost a sexual euphoria if that makes sense  3:30am the effects are wearing off it wasn't even that big of a trip in the first place so it wasn't worth it  4:00am I finally go to sleep realizing it's not going to make me trip like a weed/lsd feeling I heard about online  10:00am I wake up feeling a slight nicotine buzz as if I smoked a cigarette 5 minutes ago  Over summary: If your going to try it there are Pros and Cons, Pros: good if it's all you have, creates a buzz effect that you will still seem normal to others but you feel different yourself Cons: it's not like any other drug if your looking for a replacement, it was quite addicting I did it for 5 nights until I ran out, nausea and headaches and stomach aches  So if you read this far before you comment something ignorant like "fuck nutmeg" it was actually good it wasn't a hallucination trip but it does make you realize things like a self realization definitely going to try whole nutmeg once but would not recommend trying ground nutmeg more than once and if you do try it there tablespoons is enough I used a regular spoon from my plastic silverware kit
8z8ewj,807,815,ADR,euphoria,nicotine,nicotine,Nutmeg Okay here is my experience with nutmeg  Keep in mind the nutmeg was old and it was ground nutmeg so it wasn't fresh in the first place  So right now I'm in Utah and weed is illegal and my dad over here recently got off of drugs (not like he had that much of a choice since weeds illegal) but we both moved from Washington and he's pretty strict so I decided to try to trip on nutmeg because I saw on orange is the new black the crazy bitches were doing it and I found out you really could get high off of nutmeg so I gave it a try despite the countless reports not to so here is my trip  10:00pm took 3 tablespoons of ground nutmeg  10:05pm a slight funny feeling may just be because I was scared at first  10:30pm funny feeling begins to grow but nothing too weird  11:30pm slight stoned feeling no euphoria but stomach hurt a bit and nausea   12:30am medium stoned as if I smoked half a bull out of a pipe but it did feel good  2:30am started to feel euphoria but a different kind of euphoria almost a sexual euphoria if that makes sense  3:30am the effects are wearing off it wasn't even that big of a trip in the first place so it wasn't worth it  4:00am I finally go to sleep realizing it's not going to make me trip like a weed/lsd feeling I heard about online  10:00am I wake up feeling a slight nicotine buzz as if I smoked a cigarette 5 minutes ago  Over summary: If your going to try it there are Pros and Cons, Pros: good if it's all you have, creates a buzz effect that you will still seem normal to others but you feel different yourself Cons: it's not like any other drug if your looking for a replacement, it was quite addicting I did it for 5 nights until I ran out, nausea and headaches and stomach aches  So if you read this far before you comment something ignorant like "fuck nutmeg" it was actually good it wasn't a hallucination trip but it does make you realize things like a self realization definitely going to try whole nutmeg once but would not recommend trying ground nutmeg more than once and if you do try it there tablespoons is enough I used a regular spoon from my plastic silverware kit
8z6zq6,922,928,ADR,addict,nicotine,nicotine,There's a TacoBell 45 feet away from where I work. Need suggestions to keep it fresh. Any suggestions. (I will order every suggestion in this thread at least once) Hi, just subbed to this subreddit and I'm looking to gather everyone's favorite (preferably unique) meals at TB.  I got my first out-of-college office job at a place that's literally 45 feet away (its across the street and lanes are average 15 feet wide is how I calculated it) so it goes without saying I eat there a LOT for lunch (every other restaurant near my office either needs to be delivered which is expensive, driven too which is time consuming for a half hour lunch, or is in walking distance but it's not a quick bite- also bad for a HH lunch break). People even jeer at me and my frequent TB lunches, to the point where sometimes I stand by my car in the parking lot and eat my lunch some times rather than eat inside the office (I'm a nicotine addict and I like eating outside so I kinda like combining my vape break with my lunch break but still worth mentioning). Guess they all are too mature and sophisticated for a good old Quesarito. Bah!   Anyway I'm sure a lot of you as fellow TB enthusiasts think to yourself you could never *ever* get sick of the 'Bell, but let me tell you after eating there every day for two weeks when I first got the job (which is nothing compared to that 365 day streak guy but still) imo you do hit a wall. Now after working there over a year I go there for lunch at LEAST twice a week so its not as bad but regardless I'm starting to run out of interesting things to try, although I don't think I've necessarily eaten EVERYTHING on the menu.  **SO, DIGRESSIONS ASIDE**. I need some input from the experts (thats you). **What are your favorite things to order at Taco Bell?** Cheap meals, crazy custom orders, long-time staples, anything. Hit me with it. Like I said, I probably haven't eaten everything on the menu yet **and I will order every single suggestion in this thread for at least one lunch** so please, give me what you've got! I appreciate it friends. Stay mas.
8z6yoy,665,673,ADR,parosmia,nicotine,nicotine,Smell distortion Hi doctors!  Required info: Female, 18, 5 feet 2 inches, about 125 pounds, African American Medications: I take 20 mg of citalopram nightly for my depression, and a generic oral contraceptive Smoking/drinking status: I don’t smoke, but I vape with very little nicotine content. No longer use cannabis because I react poorly and can’t breathe. Social drinker.  Allergies: None known  I contracted mononucleosis around this time last year while working at a pool. I’m assuming this is related to why I’m experiencing this issue.  Once or twice a day, everyday, my sense of smell becomes distorted and everything around me begins to smell like metal (parosmia/phantosmia, if the medical term will help you more). It began about a week or so after I was diagnosed with mono, past the point where I stopped experiencing major symptoms. A month after that, when I was completely over my illness, I began to have nosebleeds every day for about a week straight.  The smell distortion usually only lasts a few hours before it returns to normal. Then it repeats the next day. I’ve read online that its an indication of damage to the olfactory nerves due to injury, but I can’t recall ever hitting my nose or head.  I also have fatigue (which may be a result of the medication I’m on or an unrelated issue), infrequent vertigo, occasional body aches, sometimes I break out in hives/rashes, and I bleed more easily as of recently.  I just want to know if there is a cause behind my symptoms so that I can be treated before I move away for college. Thanks in advance for your help! :)
8z6yoy,674,684,ADR,phantosmia,nicotine,nicotine,Smell distortion Hi doctors!  Required info: Female, 18, 5 feet 2 inches, about 125 pounds, African American Medications: I take 20 mg of citalopram nightly for my depression, and a generic oral contraceptive Smoking/drinking status: I don’t smoke, but I vape with very little nicotine content. No longer use cannabis because I react poorly and can’t breathe. Social drinker.  Allergies: None known  I contracted mononucleosis around this time last year while working at a pool. I’m assuming this is related to why I’m experiencing this issue.  Once or twice a day, everyday, my sense of smell becomes distorted and everything around me begins to smell like metal (parosmia/phantosmia, if the medical term will help you more). It began about a week or so after I was diagnosed with mono, past the point where I stopped experiencing major symptoms. A month after that, when I was completely over my illness, I began to have nosebleeds every day for about a week straight.  The smell distortion usually only lasts a few hours before it returns to normal. Then it repeats the next day. I’ve read online that its an indication of damage to the olfactory nerves due to injury, but I can’t recall ever hitting my nose or head.  I also have fatigue (which may be a result of the medication I’m on or an unrelated issue), infrequent vertigo, occasional body aches, sometimes I break out in hives/rashes, and I bleed more easily as of recently.  I just want to know if there is a cause behind my symptoms so that I can be treated before I move away for college. Thanks in advance for your help! :)
8z6yoy,1325,1332,ADR,vertigo,nicotine,nicotine,Smell distortion Hi doctors!  Required info: Female, 18, 5 feet 2 inches, about 125 pounds, African American Medications: I take 20 mg of citalopram nightly for my depression, and a generic oral contraceptive Smoking/drinking status: I don’t smoke, but I vape with very little nicotine content. No longer use cannabis because I react poorly and can’t breathe. Social drinker.  Allergies: None known  I contracted mononucleosis around this time last year while working at a pool. I’m assuming this is related to why I’m experiencing this issue.  Once or twice a day, everyday, my sense of smell becomes distorted and everything around me begins to smell like metal (parosmia/phantosmia, if the medical term will help you more). It began about a week or so after I was diagnosed with mono, past the point where I stopped experiencing major symptoms. A month after that, when I was completely over my illness, I began to have nosebleeds every day for about a week straight.  The smell distortion usually only lasts a few hours before it returns to normal. Then it repeats the next day. I’ve read online that its an indication of damage to the olfactory nerves due to injury, but I can’t recall ever hitting my nose or head.  I also have fatigue (which may be a result of the medication I’m on or an unrelated issue), infrequent vertigo, occasional body aches, sometimes I break out in hives/rashes, and I bleed more easily as of recently.  I just want to know if there is a cause behind my symptoms so that I can be treated before I move away for college. Thanks in advance for your help! :)
8z6yoy,1382,1387,ADR,hives,nicotine,nicotine,Smell distortion Hi doctors!  Required info: Female, 18, 5 feet 2 inches, about 125 pounds, African American Medications: I take 20 mg of citalopram nightly for my depression, and a generic oral contraceptive Smoking/drinking status: I don’t smoke, but I vape with very little nicotine content. No longer use cannabis because I react poorly and can’t breathe. Social drinker.  Allergies: None known  I contracted mononucleosis around this time last year while working at a pool. I’m assuming this is related to why I’m experiencing this issue.  Once or twice a day, everyday, my sense of smell becomes distorted and everything around me begins to smell like metal (parosmia/phantosmia, if the medical term will help you more). It began about a week or so after I was diagnosed with mono, past the point where I stopped experiencing major symptoms. A month after that, when I was completely over my illness, I began to have nosebleeds every day for about a week straight.  The smell distortion usually only lasts a few hours before it returns to normal. Then it repeats the next day. I’ve read online that its an indication of damage to the olfactory nerves due to injury, but I can’t recall ever hitting my nose or head.  I also have fatigue (which may be a result of the medication I’m on or an unrelated issue), infrequent vertigo, occasional body aches, sometimes I break out in hives/rashes, and I bleed more easily as of recently.  I just want to know if there is a cause behind my symptoms so that I can be treated before I move away for college. Thanks in advance for your help! :)
8z6yoy,1388,1394,ADR,rashes,nicotine,nicotine,Smell distortion Hi doctors!  Required info: Female, 18, 5 feet 2 inches, about 125 pounds, African American Medications: I take 20 mg of citalopram nightly for my depression, and a generic oral contraceptive Smoking/drinking status: I don’t smoke, but I vape with very little nicotine content. No longer use cannabis because I react poorly and can’t breathe. Social drinker.  Allergies: None known  I contracted mononucleosis around this time last year while working at a pool. I’m assuming this is related to why I’m experiencing this issue.  Once or twice a day, everyday, my sense of smell becomes distorted and everything around me begins to smell like metal (parosmia/phantosmia, if the medical term will help you more). It began about a week or so after I was diagnosed with mono, past the point where I stopped experiencing major symptoms. A month after that, when I was completely over my illness, I began to have nosebleeds every day for about a week straight.  The smell distortion usually only lasts a few hours before it returns to normal. Then it repeats the next day. I’ve read online that its an indication of damage to the olfactory nerves due to injury, but I can’t recall ever hitting my nose or head.  I also have fatigue (which may be a result of the medication I’m on or an unrelated issue), infrequent vertigo, occasional body aches, sometimes I break out in hives/rashes, and I bleed more easily as of recently.  I just want to know if there is a cause behind my symptoms so that I can be treated before I move away for college. Thanks in advance for your help! :)
8z5t2d,490,500,ADR,depression,nicotine,nicotine,Quitting Is So Worth It It's likely that my best friend's grandmother (a smoker) will die in the next few days because of lung cancer. Hearing how much she's suffering in her last days alive is heart-wrenching. I'm almost at 3 months, and for the most part, I don't even think about smoking anymore. Every once in a while, I'll have a fleeting thought that just a few puffs to relax would be nice, but then I remember the hell that I went through the first month. In the first 6 weeks, the depression was terrible, but now, my mental health has never been better. This morning, I ran three miles and only slowed down once in the middle for water. I will no longer have to stand outside in awful conditions (heat waves, blizzards, rain, mosquitoes, etc.) to get my nicotine fix. My skin looks f\*\*king amazing. (Is swearing allowed? I'm not sure. I'm new to reddit.) Anyway, I don't really know where I'm going with this post. I'm sad about my friend's grandma, I wish no one had to suffer like that, but I'm also so proud of all of us quitters. We rock. What are some of your guys' favorite benefits that you've noticed since quitting?
8z5cys,806,814,ADR,cravings,nicotine,nicotine,How much is secondhand smoke going to effect nicotine in system? I'm on my 8th day not smoking and I just had a question. I went to someone's house for a few minutes and they are a smoker and one who smokes inside. When I arrived they were on the last couple puffs and then put it out. I was in the house for like 5 minutes and when they were about to light another I was like I need to step out. I wasnt worried about the temptation, but I was worried about nicotine getting in my system. I didnt want to deal with a "reset," you know?   Am I good? Was the amount too little to make a difference? I'm more just curious, but I am really frustrated because I didnt want to be in the situation. Now I'm going to be in a stressful situation for the next few hours and it sucks. I'm not even worried about the cravings to be honest, I just want them to be over already. Lol I'm really ready to be a non smoker and feel like one. Its just this last hump.   What has your experience with second hand been?
8z4fwc,230,240,ADR,withdrawal,nicotine,nicotine,Smoked my last joint. Daily smoker for some years. I'm done. Quitting cannabis has been on my todo list for a while. 10 weeks ago I quit alcohol and decided to hold off on the cannabis. I went through hell early stages of alcohol withdrawal which ended up with me having to take 150mg Zofloft (prescribed). I was in a bad place mentally. The meds are helping.  The cannabis did help. But I think I used it as a secondary addiction. I am 100% addicted. I don't care what anyone says about cannabis not being addictive.  I've smoked daily, almost all day, for years. I was using a vaporiser as I didn't smoke tobacco. But, 2 months ago that broke and I was forced to roll joints. I started using tobacco to make it burn better and I'm in the early stages of nicotine addiction ... again.  Of late weed has done nothing but make me lazy and unproductive. I wake up and roll a joint. Then I go back to bed. My meds make me feel tired and emotionless so I continue to smoke to zone out from reality.  I've forgot what it feels like to be normal again.  I've had small breaks in between and they have always ended in disaster. I become argumentative to the point of rage. Completely out of character sort of rage. I've become lazy. I used to study music and was working on an AI system for automated song generation. But my weed habbit has spiraled.  I've smoked about an ounce in a week and a half. That's not even exaggeration. I burned all of my inheritance over the years. Thousands. I've sold possessions to buy weed.  I don't even get high anymore. I put 2g in a joint and I get high for about 20 minutes but the high is nothing like I used to get. I used to blame the weed, but I only used regular growers who knew their stuff. I've had sessions with friends where everyone is locked to the couch but I'm sat awake and alert wondering why everyone is so blazed. Same weed. Tried sativas, indicas, crosses.  It's no fun anymore and it's time to admit that I'm just wasting my money.
8z4fwc,421,430,ADR,addiction,nicotine,nicotine,Smoked my last joint. Daily smoker for some years. I'm done. Quitting cannabis has been on my todo list for a while. 10 weeks ago I quit alcohol and decided to hold off on the cannabis. I went through hell early stages of alcohol withdrawal which ended up with me having to take 150mg Zofloft (prescribed). I was in a bad place mentally. The meds are helping.  The cannabis did help. But I think I used it as a secondary addiction. I am 100% addicted. I don't care what anyone says about cannabis not being addictive.  I've smoked daily, almost all day, for years. I was using a vaporiser as I didn't smoke tobacco. But, 2 months ago that broke and I was forced to roll joints. I started using tobacco to make it burn better and I'm in the early stages of nicotine addiction ... again.  Of late weed has done nothing but make me lazy and unproductive. I wake up and roll a joint. Then I go back to bed. My meds make me feel tired and emotionless so I continue to smoke to zone out from reality.  I've forgot what it feels like to be normal again.  I've had small breaks in between and they have always ended in disaster. I become argumentative to the point of rage. Completely out of character sort of rage. I've become lazy. I used to study music and was working on an AI system for automated song generation. But my weed habbit has spiraled.  I've smoked about an ounce in a week and a half. That's not even exaggeration. I burned all of my inheritance over the years. Thousands. I've sold possessions to buy weed.  I don't even get high anymore. I put 2g in a joint and I get high for about 20 minutes but the high is nothing like I used to get. I used to blame the weed, but I only used regular growers who knew their stuff. I've had sessions with friends where everyone is locked to the couch but I'm sat awake and alert wondering why everyone is so blazed. Same weed. Tried sativas, indicas, crosses.  It's no fun anymore and it's time to admit that I'm just wasting my money.
8z4fwc,924,929,ADR,tired,nicotine,nicotine,Smoked my last joint. Daily smoker for some years. I'm done. Quitting cannabis has been on my todo list for a while. 10 weeks ago I quit alcohol and decided to hold off on the cannabis. I went through hell early stages of alcohol withdrawal which ended up with me having to take 150mg Zofloft (prescribed). I was in a bad place mentally. The meds are helping.  The cannabis did help. But I think I used it as a secondary addiction. I am 100% addicted. I don't care what anyone says about cannabis not being addictive.  I've smoked daily, almost all day, for years. I was using a vaporiser as I didn't smoke tobacco. But, 2 months ago that broke and I was forced to roll joints. I started using tobacco to make it burn better and I'm in the early stages of nicotine addiction ... again.  Of late weed has done nothing but make me lazy and unproductive. I wake up and roll a joint. Then I go back to bed. My meds make me feel tired and emotionless so I continue to smoke to zone out from reality.  I've forgot what it feels like to be normal again.  I've had small breaks in between and they have always ended in disaster. I become argumentative to the point of rage. Completely out of character sort of rage. I've become lazy. I used to study music and was working on an AI system for automated song generation. But my weed habbit has spiraled.  I've smoked about an ounce in a week and a half. That's not even exaggeration. I burned all of my inheritance over the years. Thousands. I've sold possessions to buy weed.  I don't even get high anymore. I put 2g in a joint and I get high for about 20 minutes but the high is nothing like I used to get. I used to blame the weed, but I only used regular growers who knew their stuff. I've had sessions with friends where everyone is locked to the couch but I'm sat awake and alert wondering why everyone is so blazed. Same weed. Tried sativas, indicas, crosses.  It's no fun anymore and it's time to admit that I'm just wasting my money.
8z4fwc,934,945,ADR,emotionless,nicotine,nicotine,Smoked my last joint. Daily smoker for some years. I'm done. Quitting cannabis has been on my todo list for a while. 10 weeks ago I quit alcohol and decided to hold off on the cannabis. I went through hell early stages of alcohol withdrawal which ended up with me having to take 150mg Zofloft (prescribed). I was in a bad place mentally. The meds are helping.  The cannabis did help. But I think I used it as a secondary addiction. I am 100% addicted. I don't care what anyone says about cannabis not being addictive.  I've smoked daily, almost all day, for years. I was using a vaporiser as I didn't smoke tobacco. But, 2 months ago that broke and I was forced to roll joints. I started using tobacco to make it burn better and I'm in the early stages of nicotine addiction ... again.  Of late weed has done nothing but make me lazy and unproductive. I wake up and roll a joint. Then I go back to bed. My meds make me feel tired and emotionless so I continue to smoke to zone out from reality.  I've forgot what it feels like to be normal again.  I've had small breaks in between and they have always ended in disaster. I become argumentative to the point of rage. Completely out of character sort of rage. I've become lazy. I used to study music and was working on an AI system for automated song generation. But my weed habbit has spiraled.  I've smoked about an ounce in a week and a half. That's not even exaggeration. I burned all of my inheritance over the years. Thousands. I've sold possessions to buy weed.  I don't even get high anymore. I put 2g in a joint and I get high for about 20 minutes but the high is nothing like I used to get. I used to blame the weed, but I only used regular growers who knew their stuff. I've had sessions with friends where everyone is locked to the couch but I'm sat awake and alert wondering why everyone is so blazed. Same weed. Tried sativas, indicas, crosses.  It's no fun anymore and it's time to admit that I'm just wasting my money.
8z1uvt,23,31,ADR,addicted,nicotine,nicotine,Nicotine Could you get addicted to nicotine if you casually smoke a cigar like once every few weeks ?
8z1dbe,283,292,ADR,addiction,nicotine,nicotine,How bad is vaping? I’m copletely new to the e-cig thing and too lazy to google different researches - so imma just gonna trust reddit on this one!  So, I consider myself as a weekend/occasional smoker. It’s a social thing I do and I almost never smoke alone. I don’t have a nicotine addiction imo (i can stay without it easily as long as i want) but recently I got sick of the bad smelling smoke and that sore throat you get after smoking too many cigarettes the night before. SO I GOT MYSELF A VAPE! Yey!  I absolutely love it! You get that small nicotine hit youre looking for with regular tobacco, it tastes better, bigger clouds (human fogmachine fuck yeah!), you can do tricks with it, easy to share - all that good stuff!   TLDR:  Now, sounds too good to be true.. So my question is: HOW BAD IS VAPING FOR YOU?  I mean like, how bad are the i gredient themself for you?  Obviously nicotine is the worst am i wrong?  But for example I just like the act of vaping and making tricks etc. so i have no problem lowering my nicotine dose on the mix.  How about the other stuff? The flavouring and the base? What about the fact that youre inhailing so much moisture?   Thank you for anyone who takes time to answer!
8z14u3,184,194,ADR,withdrawal,nicotine,nicotine,Second day of a surprise quit So I decided to stop smoking Friday 4pm, I was thinking on a cut back method so I smoke less each day.   Finally on Saturday after reading about nicotine withdrawal I thought I’d better go cold turkey.  So here we are, my throat felt so good this morning when I woke up. Thanks on this sub best reading I find !
8z14ek,916,929,ADR,mood is awful,nicotine,nicotine,Need advice. Can running backfire? Background : Not new to sports. I do mountain bike, trail running, bodyweight training now and then. I am 87 kg, 183 cm, 26 M with good body composition and muscle mass.   I gave up on running with trackers long time ago, I just run for 20-70 minutes depends how I feel. Last week on 6 july got my GPS watch and started tracking my activity and till today I build up 43.5 km running. As my watch states I work in HR Z3 like 75-90 of the time so not much effort put out into running. My legs seem fine, a little heavy, not sore, good to go, but my mood is shit.   My diet does not include bread, pasta, cereal etc or anything with high GL index. I eat whole foods, nothing processed. No sugar at all. I do vape with nicotine ( gave up smoking long time ago). My social life is good. I do not have stress factors in my life. No debs, no health issues, no relationship problems.   My mood is awful and I cannot pinpoint the culprit. Im opened to all personal questions to explore and find the issue.
8z0wph,174,183,ADR,tightness,nicotine,nicotine,7 days since quitting and feeling like I can't breathe It feels like one of those awful colds where your chest is really congested by really dry. So you constantly have this tightness and this feeling like you need to cough, yet every cough would be a forced cough and nothing breaks apart.   I'm not sure if this is a symptom of quitting smoking, like coughing up all the tar and crap.   As for about 6 months before actually kicking nicotine, I switched to vaping nicotine, however I never coughed or anything once I switched to vaping.   I dunno.  Any ideas?
8z0wph,353,364,ADR,coughing up,nicotine,nicotine,7 days since quitting and feeling like I can't breathe It feels like one of those awful colds where your chest is really congested by really dry. So you constantly have this tightness and this feeling like you need to cough, yet every cough would be a forced cough and nothing breaks apart.   I'm not sure if this is a symptom of quitting smoking, like coughing up all the tar and crap.   As for about 6 months before actually kicking nicotine, I switched to vaping nicotine, however I never coughed or anything once I switched to vaping.   I dunno.  Any ideas?
8z0w1l,660,667,ADR,relapse,nicotine,nicotine,How to change your life.. Provocative topic, I'm aware.   I'm not BuzzFeed. I'm not going to click bait you to  learning a simple trick to gaining more belly fat. In fact I'm not selling you one simple anything. I'm offering you hope.   **Context**  I started smoking weed about 17 years ago. Since I was the poorest of our stoner group, I was usually smoking someone else's weed. Everyone else in my group smoked tobacco, so we smoked weed with tobacco. 5 years later I broke and bought my first pack of cigarettes. I've been trying to quit ever since.   During my smoking/quitting career I've noticed that there are two types of smokers who quit; those that relapse and those who don't. People tend to think this has everything to do with strength of character, but I've become convinced this isn't the case. I believe that it has something to do how your body responds to drugs, nicotine in this case.   When you make the grand declaration of quitting, you gain a lot of approval and patting of the back from your peers, apparently this is sufficient drug replacement therapy for those that don't relapse. I relapsed, over a dozen times. I can do the "3 days" standing on my head. Usually time from quitting to relapse for me was a few months. I've concluded that this was because my body is exceptionally good at learning this sort of bad habits.   **The way**  There wasn't a quitting method in the world that worked for me, and the fact that my mother has been addicted to pills and alcohol longer than I've lived, didn't fill me with confidence. There had to be a way. As a sort of desperate measure, I went back to my old pattern of limiting my smoking to with-weed-only. This wasn't easy, and during my 2 years of doing this I did cave and buy a pack every now and then. Overall however, I did manage to cut my nicotine intake from a pack a day to a couple of cigarettes a day, during the 2 years. When I got an opportunity of landing the job of my dreams, I got the motivation to stop smoking altogether, this is not to say I stopped taking nicotine, I just changed the method of delivery yet again, this time from with-weed-only to nicotine gum only. I kept taking less and less nicotine, until I was down to 1mg/day. After this I stopped taking nicotine and started vaporizing weed. This was about two months ago. At first I always felt angry and betrayed after vaporizing, presumably because I was still subconsciously  expecting to get that sickly bliss that nicotine used to give me. Today I'm losing interest to weed because I'm no longer driven to smoking like I used to be.   I didn't pull this "way" out of my ass. In fact it's mostly based on what I've learned from psychology of neuroplasticity. The addiction had become part of my personality, and to get rid of it I had to get rid of part of myself. Now if changing your personality was as simple as changing your mind, how would you know who you are? Anyone could be anyone at any given time. One moment you could be Charlie Manson and the next you could be Mahatma Fucking Gandhi. In other words, personality doesn't change overnight, it changes over years.   **Wrap it up asshole**  I'm writing this post because I've noticed that many people come here seeking help. I hope that this post can at least give hope to someone who's feeling stuck.   Don't give up. Never give up.  TY
8z0rha,404,413,ADR,addiction,nicotine,nicotine,I want to quit smoking weed but I can’t. Any suggestions? How’s it going guys? I’m 19 years old and i’ve started smoking weed 5 years ago due to the people I used to hang around with. Freshman to Junior year I would smoke on occasions but then Senior year I started to smoke at least once or multiple times a week. I smoke blunts more than joints so that right there might tell you I may have a nicotine addiction but i don’t smoke cigs or vape. I’ve been trying to stop because one, my job drug test(I used fake urine to pass the pre employment drug test). Second, my parents still dont know I smoke because they’re strongly against it. Third, I’m getting heart disease symptoms and my blood pressure is high. I was healthy fat (6’0 180-200lbs) when I started smoking but ever since I’ve gotten really fat. I’ve literally gain over 100 pounds(Currently 6’3 290-300lbs). The reason for that is because the munchies I get when I smoke. Most of my money goes to food because of the munchies like it’s not a joke. I have no control with what I eat or how much I eat when i’m high unless i’m broke lmao. I should’ve stopped when I could’ve but I’m weak minded tbh. I’ve tried giving myself a break but I just can’t. Literally all my friends smoke not all but most and I have no motivation at all to quit. I’ve talked about it with my friends but all they say is talk to a doctor or a therapist. The reason I’m asking out guys first is because I want to see how you guys did it. Maybe it’ll work for me. I will talk to my doctor about it if I don’t stop by the end of this summer. I don’t want to quit smoking marijuana because it’s helped me a lot with anxiety and stress but i think it’s time to give it a break for a while until I start being healthy again. Thanks for taking your time to read this, I really hope you can help.
8z0po1,40,48,ADR,cravings,nicotine,nicotine,Can't tell the difference between other cravings and nicotine cravings. I just made a weird observation, I can't tell the difference between nicotine cravings and other cravings. For the first week it was pretty clear when I was thirsty and when I wanted to smoke. Now I seriously cannot tell. For example I was feeling queasy for the past hour or so and I thought I had an intense nicotine craving. But then I drank a whole bottle of water and it was instantly gone. This isn't the first time either. Yesterday the same happened when I couldn't tell the difference between hungry and nicotine craving. other instances include feeling dirty (I live on a tropical island, feel queasy if I dont take a shower every 12~14 hours), horny or tired. It seems like my brain has started associating any sort of craving to nicotine.   This is almost funny.
8z06g2,408,416,ADR,coughing,nicotine,nicotine,One Day, 18 hours So I’m almost at the 48 hour mark.  All planned that back to the Monday-Friday 9-5 tomorrow I don’t take my purse out the house just a small amount of emergency funds, gym bag ready for every lunch at work so I improve my health and can’t smoke, etc. So I’ve got the plan and motivation there - had a health scare recently and it’s shaken me right up to do this.  Only problem is I’ve been coughing non stop, have headaches and dizziness, my gums ache and (sorry for the gross info) sweating like crazy.  I want to do this cold turkey as I can’t see the point replacing nicotine with nicotine or one addiction for another. I have no intention on going back to 20 a day at all, ever. Ever ever. (She says for the hundredth time)  Any pointers and help to get through these horrible withdrawal symptoms appreciated - cold and flu tablets don’t seem to be helping at all and feel like I could sleep for days!
8z06g2,432,441,ADR,headaches,nicotine,nicotine,One Day, 18 hours So I’m almost at the 48 hour mark.  All planned that back to the Monday-Friday 9-5 tomorrow I don’t take my purse out the house just a small amount of emergency funds, gym bag ready for every lunch at work so I improve my health and can’t smoke, etc. So I’ve got the plan and motivation there - had a health scare recently and it’s shaken me right up to do this.  Only problem is I’ve been coughing non stop, have headaches and dizziness, my gums ache and (sorry for the gross info) sweating like crazy.  I want to do this cold turkey as I can’t see the point replacing nicotine with nicotine or one addiction for another. I have no intention on going back to 20 a day at all, ever. Ever ever. (She says for the hundredth time)  Any pointers and help to get through these horrible withdrawal symptoms appreciated - cold and flu tablets don’t seem to be helping at all and feel like I could sleep for days!
8z06g2,446,455,ADR,dizziness,nicotine,nicotine,One Day, 18 hours So I’m almost at the 48 hour mark.  All planned that back to the Monday-Friday 9-5 tomorrow I don’t take my purse out the house just a small amount of emergency funds, gym bag ready for every lunch at work so I improve my health and can’t smoke, etc. So I’ve got the plan and motivation there - had a health scare recently and it’s shaken me right up to do this.  Only problem is I’ve been coughing non stop, have headaches and dizziness, my gums ache and (sorry for the gross info) sweating like crazy.  I want to do this cold turkey as I can’t see the point replacing nicotine with nicotine or one addiction for another. I have no intention on going back to 20 a day at all, ever. Ever ever. (She says for the hundredth time)  Any pointers and help to get through these horrible withdrawal symptoms appreciated - cold and flu tablets don’t seem to be helping at all and feel like I could sleep for days!
8z06g2,501,509,ADR,sweating,nicotine,nicotine,One Day, 18 hours So I’m almost at the 48 hour mark.  All planned that back to the Monday-Friday 9-5 tomorrow I don’t take my purse out the house just a small amount of emergency funds, gym bag ready for every lunch at work so I improve my health and can’t smoke, etc. So I’ve got the plan and motivation there - had a health scare recently and it’s shaken me right up to do this.  Only problem is I’ve been coughing non stop, have headaches and dizziness, my gums ache and (sorry for the gross info) sweating like crazy.  I want to do this cold turkey as I can’t see the point replacing nicotine with nicotine or one addiction for another. I have no intention on going back to 20 a day at all, ever. Ever ever. (She says for the hundredth time)  Any pointers and help to get through these horrible withdrawal symptoms appreciated - cold and flu tablets don’t seem to be helping at all and feel like I could sleep for days!
8z06g2,618,627,ADR,addiction,nicotine,nicotine,One Day, 18 hours So I’m almost at the 48 hour mark.  All planned that back to the Monday-Friday 9-5 tomorrow I don’t take my purse out the house just a small amount of emergency funds, gym bag ready for every lunch at work so I improve my health and can’t smoke, etc. So I’ve got the plan and motivation there - had a health scare recently and it’s shaken me right up to do this.  Only problem is I’ve been coughing non stop, have headaches and dizziness, my gums ache and (sorry for the gross info) sweating like crazy.  I want to do this cold turkey as I can’t see the point replacing nicotine with nicotine or one addiction for another. I have no intention on going back to 20 a day at all, ever. Ever ever. (She says for the hundredth time)  Any pointers and help to get through these horrible withdrawal symptoms appreciated - cold and flu tablets don’t seem to be helping at all and feel like I could sleep for days!
8yz7sd,60,70,ADR,withdrawal,nicotine,nicotine,1 year smoke free Why would you live in a world of constant withdrawal symptoms? Thats what you do when youre addicted to Nicotine. You immediately enter physical withdrawal on your last exhale and then *think* you need to smoke again roughly an hour later.  I have successfully quit for 1 year cold turkey as of today. I smoked a pack a day for 19 years. I wanted to stop by here and say there is life after nicotine. There is a DAMN good life after nicotine. Also, the cravings go away completely. Yes. Completely.   Please, I urge you to quit. There are NO benefits to smoking at all. Believe me, i smoked all day every day since i was 14. If i can help you quit in any way please let me know.   Here are some intesting stats since my quit:  5840: Cigarettes not smoked  91.25 Life Ragained. (Days) 486.25 hours (Time spent NOT smoking) $1562.00 dollars saved
8yz7sd,110,118,ADR,addicted,nicotine,nicotine,1 year smoke free Why would you live in a world of constant withdrawal symptoms? Thats what you do when youre addicted to Nicotine. You immediately enter physical withdrawal on your last exhale and then *think* you need to smoke again roughly an hour later.  I have successfully quit for 1 year cold turkey as of today. I smoked a pack a day for 19 years. I wanted to stop by here and say there is life after nicotine. There is a DAMN good life after nicotine. Also, the cravings go away completely. Yes. Completely.   Please, I urge you to quit. There are NO benefits to smoking at all. Believe me, i smoked all day every day since i was 14. If i can help you quit in any way please let me know.   Here are some intesting stats since my quit:  5840: Cigarettes not smoked  91.25 Life Ragained. (Days) 486.25 hours (Time spent NOT smoking) $1562.00 dollars saved
8yz7sd,471,479,ADR,cravings,nicotine,nicotine,1 year smoke free Why would you live in a world of constant withdrawal symptoms? Thats what you do when youre addicted to Nicotine. You immediately enter physical withdrawal on your last exhale and then *think* you need to smoke again roughly an hour later.  I have successfully quit for 1 year cold turkey as of today. I smoked a pack a day for 19 years. I wanted to stop by here and say there is life after nicotine. There is a DAMN good life after nicotine. Also, the cravings go away completely. Yes. Completely.   Please, I urge you to quit. There are NO benefits to smoking at all. Believe me, i smoked all day every day since i was 14. If i can help you quit in any way please let me know.   Here are some intesting stats since my quit:  5840: Cigarettes not smoked  91.25 Life Ragained. (Days) 486.25 hours (Time spent NOT smoking) $1562.00 dollars saved
8yz17y,141,156,ADR,yeast infection,nicotine,nicotine,Very concerned: partner smokes, will we be able to clear our HPV? I was involved in a rape case over 6 months ago, which after contracting a yeast infection from antibiotics given to me in the kit, I found out a few weeks later that I contracted HPV. Before the incident, I've only been with my partner for the past 3 years, having sex without condoms.  We can only assume we both have HPV now (high risk). My doctor warned me to not smoke, which I never had before, or the virus won't clear correctly. My partner was a big chain smoker and in the past 5 years he has moved into a low dose of nicotine with vaping.  If he continues to value, will that put us both at risk for not clearing this virus?
8yyhbc,1210,1216,ADR,Nausea,nicotine,nicotine,Vaping CBD fluid, Information needed. So, i am here for Knowledge, as most of us are. I am happily married to a woman who for a long time has had Cronic pain from many sources. Surgery, Medical conditions, and problems of that nature have infuriated me for years because i am not a medical professional and cannot prescribe her anything for pain. So this brings me to a Crossroad....  I understand Vaping. Wattage, Ohms, Resistance, Viscosity, PG/VG, Temperature and mixing. I have been trying to get answers on forums, and websites on the subject of vaping CBD/THC fluids through mods and Sub-Ohm tanks for awhile now. If anyone out there is Vaping CBD fluid, non oil based, with a Mod and Sub Ohm tank, you know the concern behind picking the wrong fluid from the wrong vendor.   Please help me speed this process along and help me understand the ground work so i avoid hurting my wife when my intent is to help.  I have a Mod and tank i have set aside and cleared for testing fluids for mixing vape fluid. it is a Sigelei 150 Box mod, Wattage range 10-150, 2 18650 Batteries and Cleito XO 3 Mil tank. i intend to use this to make fluid for my wife, which the focus will be pain management and to combat her Nausea caused by pain. from what i have read so far my focus should be CBD, NOT THC.   Terms: Oils, eliquids, Juice. It seems there is no clear definition between them for CBD fluid/oil. I don't want to be giving my wife Pneumonia on top of everything, so if we can clear that one up it would help immensely. Lastly, Flavoring and mixing, in a perfect world i would be able to get food grade VG/PG with a CBD base like Nicotine, but i don't see that readily available. So how does CBD fluid stand up tp mixing? can i use the same methods as i do for mixing normal Nicotine e-Juice while being mindful of the temperature? or is this all wishful?
8yyewu,239,251,ADR,panic attack,nicotine,nicotine,Harder than I ever thought Hi all ,  I'm 24 and have been a heavy smoker since about 16 years old . I "quit" smoking cold turkey with no NRTs after reading Allen carr's book and only made it till the evening on my first day before I had a panic attack and lit one , the next 2 days I kept slipping up again and again having a few periodically over the weekend.   The physical side I could handle pretty well especially at work while I was very busy and distracted , then became very depressed and almost suicidal it was horrid and found it a mission to even do basic mental tasks,  it almost felt like I was stoned. My partner gave up the same time as me and hasn't had a single cigarette until I caved today , that made my feel like a awful partner and father ( we have a 1 yr old son,  which is one of my strong reasons to stop for good)  I'm open to and wisdom or advice for my second try tommorow , I'm thinking to give the nicotine spray or patches a go , although Allen Carrs book says not too ?
8yyewu,483,492,ADR,depressed,nicotine,nicotine,Harder than I ever thought Hi all ,  I'm 24 and have been a heavy smoker since about 16 years old . I "quit" smoking cold turkey with no NRTs after reading Allen carr's book and only made it till the evening on my first day before I had a panic attack and lit one , the next 2 days I kept slipping up again and again having a few periodically over the weekend.   The physical side I could handle pretty well especially at work while I was very busy and distracted , then became very depressed and almost suicidal it was horrid and found it a mission to even do basic mental tasks,  it almost felt like I was stoned. My partner gave up the same time as me and hasn't had a single cigarette until I caved today , that made my feel like a awful partner and father ( we have a 1 yr old son,  which is one of my strong reasons to stop for good)  I'm open to and wisdom or advice for my second try tommorow , I'm thinking to give the nicotine spray or patches a go , although Allen Carrs book says not too ?
8yxkbi,282,291,ADR,addiction,nicotine,nicotine,Some stuttering out of nowhere As the title says I've started stuttering out of nowhere. This happened after I was "bullied" and even though I am not diagnosed (yet) I'm pretty sure I have some form of anxiety. I've done some drugs. I've done LSD, shrooms, weed, and had a Nicotine addiction for awhile. Although I'm completely done with LSD and apparently shrooms as well (because of how hard it is to find them) I'm pretty scared I may have done something that can't be undone. I've done some research and anxiety isn't a cause to stuttering. I don't know if it was the drugs or if it's cause I have a really low self-esteem or what but I'm trying to search for some answers.
8ywdoh,1029,1036,ADR,numbing,nicotine,nicotine,I don't know who I am after being codependent on NParents and NEx for so long When I was growing up I never got to feel like an individual. My parents praised me for accomplishments that made them happy and reflected well on them and not for who I was as a person. I tried to be kind and considerate at all times. I raised my brothers to be good, upstanding people. They are my favorite people in the world. My parents didn't ever let me own anything. They never let me feel like I was a good person. They never let me experience emotion. They used me to prop up themselves. NMom was emotionally abusive and cold. NDad was emotionally abusive, had a short fuse and used me as a therapist for years. I was codependent with both of them. Thankfully they got divorced and NMom was out of the picture. NDad made me help him through the feelings he had about their divorce. I never developed a sense of self. I did well in school, raised my brothers and helped my father through a dark period. I was 12 years old. The next years were numbing with nicotine, drugs and alcohol.  Fast forward to me going to college. I went two months being single. I met a girl who was obviously very fucked up. I saw the scars on her arms from self harm. I heard the stories she told about abusive relationships and risky sex. I watched her get so drunk she got violent and told a cop to fuck off. I wasn't attracted to her at first, but as her make up toned down and she started to feel comfortable around me that change. Within a few weeks of hanging out we were dating. She is a narcissist. She is like my parents. She needed my praise constantly. She needed to be adored by me, to be treated like a princess. She emotionally abused me. If I looked at another woman she would go crazy. If I spoke about any issues in our relationship she would either get mad at me or yell at me. She used to push me around sometimes, but never hit me. I became codependent on her. I tried to fix her (notice the pattern of behavior). We dated for five and a half years. NGirlfriend destroyed me when she broke up with me a few months ago. I was on the brink of suicide and she ignored me. I begged her to spend time with me so I felt safe, she went out drinking with friends. I thought about stepping in front of a bus the day she broke up with me, but thankfully didn't. I am not longer suicidal and I am guessing that is because I have less pain now.  Within a few weeks we started to see each other again. She lives close to me. She told me about drinking everyday and doing drugs I never expected her to try, let alone do often. She told me she had been with 8 guys since we broke up. This hurt immensely. I felt like she owed me something. She still craves adoration and clearly wanted to hurt me. I don't know what to think.  I don't know who I am. The years of abuse and codependency have taken my sense of self. I never got to be a person. I feel inhuman. Has anyone dealt with this? Has anyone entered into relationships that mimic their relationship with their parents?  TL;DR- I have no sense of self because of years of abuse and codependency in all relationships I have ever had. Help!
8yvobb,449,458,ADR,tolerance,nicotine,nicotine,Nicotine Tips? Hi folks, got a question for y'all. I've been using Snus since 2015. After about 1.5 years, I stopped and picked it back up again in May 2018 after getting tired of casually using a Juul (don't buy a Juul).   My question is: What tips do you have for nicotine lightweights like myself? Even during my 1.5 year run, I was never able to handle full size portions Strictly speaking, i'm a full-time mini portion user (based on my body's tolerance to nicotine).   That being said, i ordered some Skruf Mynta Slim White to try. I love the flavor and 'Skruf experience', but I can't handle the strength past 5 min. However, I would like to be able to enjoy.   Any tips for nicotine lightweights? (besides sticking to mini portions)
8yvi17,1221,1229,ADR,nauseous,nicotine,nicotine,Light smoker for ~8 years; after 1 weekend of binge smoking, cigarettes still make me super sick, even 3 years later. SO effing curious. 30/W/F I would actually give serious amounts of money for a reasonable medical/physiological explanation for this. I have googled the shit out of this and come up with nothing. I have asked doctors but gotten "eh, it's for the best, whatever."  I'm not worried about it medically, I am just outrageously fucking curious re. what happened ?  1. **TLDR;** The title: Light smoker for \~8 years; then, after 1 weekend of binge smoking, cigarettes still make me super sick, even 3 years later. WHY? What happened? 2. **Me:** Female, \~30 y/o, low-normal weight, white, no outstanding health stuff. 3. **The story:**  I smoked about 4 ("light") cigarettes per day from ages 19-27. (I know, bad. I'm not looking to start again.)  Then I spent a weekend with a new boyfriend who was a chain smoker, and I ended up chain smoking with him for those 2.5 days. I also had a cold that weekend.  Since that weekend, cigarettes made me feel ill for hours afterwards (throat was the worst; it would feel constricted and raw and taste bizarre, but my chest would also hurt and I would feel generally nauseous). Often I would still feel sick even the next day.  I admit **it took me at least a year and a half** to finally concede defeat and give them up entirely; I kept assuming it was temporary/stress/pollution. It's not that I even liked the nicotine or anything, I just loved the taste and the rhythm it gave to my days/work/social life. **Even one cigarette could make me ill the whole weekend whereas I'd never had any reaction to them before**.  I know it's still a thing; it's actually at the point now where **second-hand smoke starts to make me feel ill as well**, which sucks because I live in France now, hah.  So anyway, I would love an answer. This wrankles me so much every time I tell people who know I used to smoke that I got "an asthma thing."
8yv8cw,255,264,ADR,addiction,nicotine,nicotine,relapse after a year so today i relapsed, a friend had left 1/3 of a burned out cig in a cup and after he went home i smoked it, i then went out and bought a pack. in the past year i have used snus (a swedish oral tobacco) as a substitute for my nictoine addiction but now its just not enough, despite containing 8 times more nicotine than a cigarette i can no longer hold back the desire to smoke and this time i'm not sure if i can actually quit the devil sticks (maybe thats why i'm crying about it here) you see the problem is that i have an addictive personality. Any mood altering substances i ingest i have a hard time quitting and cigarettes are one of them, i think the reason i struggle with cigs is that i started to smoke quite early (age 13) so they have been a part of my teenage years thus all the good memories are usually attached to smoking, if anyone know a god way to kick the addiction to cigarettes themself ( not nicotine ) it would be greatly apreaciated   and sorry for any bad english spelling as i am wrighting this quite drunk
8yv8cw,546,555,ADR,addictive,nicotine,nicotine,relapse after a year so today i relapsed, a friend had left 1/3 of a burned out cig in a cup and after he went home i smoked it, i then went out and bought a pack. in the past year i have used snus (a swedish oral tobacco) as a substitute for my nictoine addiction but now its just not enough, despite containing 8 times more nicotine than a cigarette i can no longer hold back the desire to smoke and this time i'm not sure if i can actually quit the devil sticks (maybe thats why i'm crying about it here) you see the problem is that i have an addictive personality. Any mood altering substances i ingest i have a hard time quitting and cigarettes are one of them, i think the reason i struggle with cigs is that i started to smoke quite early (age 13) so they have been a part of my teenage years thus all the good memories are usually attached to smoking, if anyone know a god way to kick the addiction to cigarettes themself ( not nicotine ) it would be greatly apreaciated   and sorry for any bad english spelling as i am wrighting this quite drunk
8yv6dn,116,126,ADR,withdrawal,nicotine,nicotine,Sigh, brand new geekVape aegis legend dead after 3 weeks, won't turn on. anyone else having issues? Having nicotine withdrawal right now so even more irritated.  I've tried to update the firmware but I can hear my pc making the sound that it's being unplugged and plugged in again and again and again so I can't finish it. Will try another PC.  Batteries fully charged... seems to be a problem lots of people are having with it.
8yv6dn,150,159,ADR,irritated,nicotine,nicotine,Sigh, brand new geekVape aegis legend dead after 3 weeks, won't turn on. anyone else having issues? Having nicotine withdrawal right now so even more irritated.  I've tried to update the firmware but I can hear my pc making the sound that it's being unplugged and plugged in again and again and again so I can't finish it. Will try another PC.  Batteries fully charged... seems to be a problem lots of people are having with it.
8ytos3,332,340,ADR,addicted,nicotine,nicotine,Hear me out guys Before my wall of text, i wanted to say for the last year ive been on this sub on different accounts and such. Got into smoking and it quickly became a habit (like everybody here it goes from a cig a day to a pack a day)  I tried out tons of different squares and loved them even when i acknowledged the fact i was addicted. Even now after I Quit i miss the 'culture' you could say.   Couple months ago i bought a JUUL hence my username. Its actually really simple.. Just the battery charger and pods you put in  I went from smoking a pack of ports a day to Litteraly none in a matter of days (50mg nicotine)  I then got a shitty 10$ vape ajd some juices i really like with low nicotine and now i do not crave cigs at all but i admit i smoked just today and it tasted like shit but a couple months ago they tasted amazing   I personally do not want to quit nicotine though .. I love the damn chemical so I got a bit deeper into vaping and i love it. I could choose what flavors i want, how much nicotine i want and even the temperature. But you dont have to get into that stuff and get a simple Juul amd quit for good.  There's also been the new laws that are lowering nicotine in cigs which is bullshit.     I beg you all PLEASE atleast research it a bit on vaping and give it a try.  Wrote this all while vaping 55mg dragonfruit juice in my room...you can't do that with a smelly cig ;)
8ytos3,721,726,ADR,crave,nicotine,nicotine,Hear me out guys Before my wall of text, i wanted to say for the last year ive been on this sub on different accounts and such. Got into smoking and it quickly became a habit (like everybody here it goes from a cig a day to a pack a day)  I tried out tons of different squares and loved them even when i acknowledged the fact i was addicted. Even now after I Quit i miss the 'culture' you could say.   Couple months ago i bought a JUUL hence my username. Its actually really simple.. Just the battery charger and pods you put in  I went from smoking a pack of ports a day to Litteraly none in a matter of days (50mg nicotine)  I then got a shitty 10$ vape ajd some juices i really like with low nicotine and now i do not crave cigs at all but i admit i smoked just today and it tasted like shit but a couple months ago they tasted amazing   I personally do not want to quit nicotine though .. I love the damn chemical so I got a bit deeper into vaping and i love it. I could choose what flavors i want, how much nicotine i want and even the temperature. But you dont have to get into that stuff and get a simple Juul amd quit for good.  There's also been the new laws that are lowering nicotine in cigs which is bullshit.     I beg you all PLEASE atleast research it a bit on vaping and give it a try.  Wrote this all while vaping 55mg dragonfruit juice in my room...you can't do that with a smelly cig ;)
8ysqvk,267,284,ADR,emotonial turmoil,nicotine,nicotine,Quitting is making me antisocial, kind of thinking about going back because of that I'm almost 2 months cigarette free ( with nicotine patches) and I'm not having much troubles with the not smoking part, to my own surprise. What I'm struggling with is that it is the emotonial turmoil and especially the fact that since I quit, I am becoming more and more antisocial.  whenever I'm going to a bar, a party or any kind of event that does not incolve a very specific activity ( like a movie, a restaurant...) besides drinking / talking, I'm just... Not "there" and all I want to do is going home. All my friends are smoking and even if I an easily control my cravings while drinking / partying, I just feel like something is missing, like I'm not in tune with the others, so I'm not enjoying myself at all and just leave. I started smoking around 17yo and smoked for 15 years, so all my "social adult life" involved smoking and I now have to figure out how to deal with these situations without cigarettes.  This makes me sad because I just miss who I was before I quit, plus seing people is what is helping me with the sadness / emotonial rollercoaster of quitting.  I sometimes think about going back to smoking just for that, even if I really don't want to smoke again? I know it doesn't make sense, just wanted to share my feelings with people who might be experiencing the same!
8ysqvk,657,665,ADR,cravings,nicotine,nicotine,Quitting is making me antisocial, kind of thinking about going back because of that I'm almost 2 months cigarette free ( with nicotine patches) and I'm not having much troubles with the not smoking part, to my own surprise. What I'm struggling with is that it is the emotonial turmoil and especially the fact that since I quit, I am becoming more and more antisocial.  whenever I'm going to a bar, a party or any kind of event that does not incolve a very specific activity ( like a movie, a restaurant...) besides drinking / talking, I'm just... Not "there" and all I want to do is going home. All my friends are smoking and even if I an easily control my cravings while drinking / partying, I just feel like something is missing, like I'm not in tune with the others, so I'm not enjoying myself at all and just leave. I started smoking around 17yo and smoked for 15 years, so all my "social adult life" involved smoking and I now have to figure out how to deal with these situations without cigarettes.  This makes me sad because I just miss who I was before I quit, plus seing people is what is helping me with the sadness / emotonial rollercoaster of quitting.  I sometimes think about going back to smoking just for that, even if I really don't want to smoke again? I know it doesn't make sense, just wanted to share my feelings with people who might be experiencing the same!
8ysqvk,22,32,ADR,antisocial,nicotine,nicotine,Quitting is making me antisocial, kind of thinking about going back because of that I'm almost 2 months cigarette free ( with nicotine patches) and I'm not having much troubles with the not smoking part, to my own surprise. What I'm struggling with is that it is the emotonial turmoil and especially the fact that since I quit, I am becoming more and more antisocial.  whenever I'm going to a bar, a party or any kind of event that does not incolve a very specific activity ( like a movie, a restaurant...) besides drinking / talking, I'm just... Not "there" and all I want to do is going home. All my friends are smoking and even if I an easily control my cravings while drinking / partying, I just feel like something is missing, like I'm not in tune with the others, so I'm not enjoying myself at all and just leave. I started smoking around 17yo and smoked for 15 years, so all my "social adult life" involved smoking and I now have to figure out how to deal with these situations without cigarettes.  This makes me sad because I just miss who I was before I quit, plus seing people is what is helping me with the sadness / emotonial rollercoaster of quitting.  I sometimes think about going back to smoking just for that, even if I really don't want to smoke again? I know it doesn't make sense, just wanted to share my feelings with people who might be experiencing the same!
8ypjjp,258,267,ADR,headaches,nicotine,nicotine,need advise hello, i have been vaping around 3 years now. i stopped smoking completely and went on to vaping. Everything has been fine until recently and i dont want to really blame it on the vaping but im not sure why so i seek advise. Ive been getting bad headaches recently after vaping, ive also got this wierd ear blocked feeling and my eyes feel quite irritated. My jaw also starts to hurt. Its usually just one side of my face where i get these and always the same side. I noticed that in the mornings when i wake up, im usually fine. I have a cup of tea with my vape (12 drags) and 5 mins later i start having the dull head pain. I love vaping and i dont want to quit but i hate these headaches im getting. My nicotine level is also really low - 3mg because i was never a big smoker to begin with. Im in my early 20s. Can someone help please :)
8ypjjp,315,326,ADR,ear blocked,nicotine,nicotine,need advise hello, i have been vaping around 3 years now. i stopped smoking completely and went on to vaping. Everything has been fine until recently and i dont want to really blame it on the vaping but im not sure why so i seek advise. Ive been getting bad headaches recently after vaping, ive also got this wierd ear blocked feeling and my eyes feel quite irritated. My jaw also starts to hurt. Its usually just one side of my face where i get these and always the same side. I noticed that in the mornings when i wake up, im usually fine. I have a cup of tea with my vape (12 drags) and 5 mins later i start having the dull head pain. I love vaping and i dont want to quit but i hate these headaches im getting. My nicotine level is also really low - 3mg because i was never a big smoker to begin with. Im in my early 20s. Can someone help please :)
8ypjjp,342,367,ADR,eyes feel quite irritated,nicotine,nicotine,need advise hello, i have been vaping around 3 years now. i stopped smoking completely and went on to vaping. Everything has been fine until recently and i dont want to really blame it on the vaping but im not sure why so i seek advise. Ive been getting bad headaches recently after vaping, ive also got this wierd ear blocked feeling and my eyes feel quite irritated. My jaw also starts to hurt. Its usually just one side of my face where i get these and always the same side. I noticed that in the mornings when i wake up, im usually fine. I have a cup of tea with my vape (12 drags) and 5 mins later i start having the dull head pain. I love vaping and i dont want to quit but i hate these headaches im getting. My nicotine level is also really low - 3mg because i was never a big smoker to begin with. Im in my early 20s. Can someone help please :)
8ypjjp,372,395,ADR,jaw also starts to hurt,nicotine,nicotine,need advise hello, i have been vaping around 3 years now. i stopped smoking completely and went on to vaping. Everything has been fine until recently and i dont want to really blame it on the vaping but im not sure why so i seek advise. Ive been getting bad headaches recently after vaping, ive also got this wierd ear blocked feeling and my eyes feel quite irritated. My jaw also starts to hurt. Its usually just one side of my face where i get these and always the same side. I noticed that in the mornings when i wake up, im usually fine. I have a cup of tea with my vape (12 drags) and 5 mins later i start having the dull head pain. I love vaping and i dont want to quit but i hate these headaches im getting. My nicotine level is also really low - 3mg because i was never a big smoker to begin with. Im in my early 20s. Can someone help please :)
8yoot7,1211,1227,ADR,Vision got weird,nicotine,nicotine,Reaction to nicotine salts - I need help I’m attempting to quit smoking for the last time. My mother was diagnosed with Stage 4 lung cancer likely caused by smoking, and I can’t continue to smoke anymore at this point, because it’s a reminder of what’s happening to my mom right now. However, I want the least amount of stress transitioning from smoker to non. I’m stressed enough about losing my mom as it is.   I’ve used electronic cigarettes in the past with freebase liquid at low doses (got down to 2mg at one point) to quit. I never got further.  I picked up smoking again about one and a half years ago. I currently smoke about a pack and a half a day. I did some research and decided to use a pod device to quit this time around. I ended up settling on the Suorin Drop. I also decided I’d try the nicotine salt liquids with it.  I got a 5.0% nicotine salt liquid which is 50mg, right? I almost went with the 3.0%, which I may try depending on the responses to this. I guess these are standard strengths for nicotine salt liquids.  However, I noticed an almost immediate response that’s similar symptom-wise to nicotine sickness from two small hits. I was just testing the device out for the first time. Vision got weird/fuzzy, pulse dropped, got kinda sick to my stomach. It all unfolded fully over the course of 10 minutes (especially the drop in heart rate and nausea), then things began to improve after laying down.  Is this even normal? I feel I should have more of a tolerance for nicotine considering how much I smoke on a daily basis.   I’m desperate to quit. I felt this would be the best way, and I hoped it would work out. I don’t know what’s going on. Should I get a lower strength of the nicotine salts like the 3.0%? Should I try freebase liquid instead? Has anyone experienced this type of reaction to nicotine salt liquids? I never had this with freebase ones.
8yoot7,1371,1377,ADR,nausea,nicotine,nicotine,Reaction to nicotine salts - I need help I’m attempting to quit smoking for the last time. My mother was diagnosed with Stage 4 lung cancer likely caused by smoking, and I can’t continue to smoke anymore at this point, because it’s a reminder of what’s happening to my mom right now. However, I want the least amount of stress transitioning from smoker to non. I’m stressed enough about losing my mom as it is.   I’ve used electronic cigarettes in the past with freebase liquid at low doses (got down to 2mg at one point) to quit. I never got further.  I picked up smoking again about one and a half years ago. I currently smoke about a pack and a half a day. I did some research and decided to use a pod device to quit this time around. I ended up settling on the Suorin Drop. I also decided I’d try the nicotine salt liquids with it.  I got a 5.0% nicotine salt liquid which is 50mg, right? I almost went with the 3.0%, which I may try depending on the responses to this. I guess these are standard strengths for nicotine salt liquids.  However, I noticed an almost immediate response that’s similar symptom-wise to nicotine sickness from two small hits. I was just testing the device out for the first time. Vision got weird/fuzzy, pulse dropped, got kinda sick to my stomach. It all unfolded fully over the course of 10 minutes (especially the drop in heart rate and nausea), then things began to improve after laying down.  Is this even normal? I feel I should have more of a tolerance for nicotine considering how much I smoke on a daily basis.   I’m desperate to quit. I felt this would be the best way, and I hoped it would work out. I don’t know what’s going on. Should I get a lower strength of the nicotine salts like the 3.0%? Should I try freebase liquid instead? Has anyone experienced this type of reaction to nicotine salt liquids? I never had this with freebase ones.
8yoot7,1483,1490,ADR,lerance,nicotine,nicotine,Reaction to nicotine salts - I need help I’m attempting to quit smoking for the last time. My mother was diagnosed with Stage 4 lung cancer likely caused by smoking, and I can’t continue to smoke anymore at this point, because it’s a reminder of what’s happening to my mom right now. However, I want the least amount of stress transitioning from smoker to non. I’m stressed enough about losing my mom as it is.   I’ve used electronic cigarettes in the past with freebase liquid at low doses (got down to 2mg at one point) to quit. I never got further.  I picked up smoking again about one and a half years ago. I currently smoke about a pack and a half a day. I did some research and decided to use a pod device to quit this time around. I ended up settling on the Suorin Drop. I also decided I’d try the nicotine salt liquids with it.  I got a 5.0% nicotine salt liquid which is 50mg, right? I almost went with the 3.0%, which I may try depending on the responses to this. I guess these are standard strengths for nicotine salt liquids.  However, I noticed an almost immediate response that’s similar symptom-wise to nicotine sickness from two small hits. I was just testing the device out for the first time. Vision got weird/fuzzy, pulse dropped, got kinda sick to my stomach. It all unfolded fully over the course of 10 minutes (especially the drop in heart rate and nausea), then things began to improve after laying down.  Is this even normal? I feel I should have more of a tolerance for nicotine considering how much I smoke on a daily basis.   I’m desperate to quit. I felt this would be the best way, and I hoped it would work out. I don’t know what’s going on. Should I get a lower strength of the nicotine salts like the 3.0%? Should I try freebase liquid instead? Has anyone experienced this type of reaction to nicotine salt liquids? I never had this with freebase ones.
8yo6fk,237,246,ADR,addictive,nicotine,nicotine,Harmful ingredients? I know juul is relatively new so there isn’t a ton of research on some of the ingredients’ harmful effects long term, but what do u guys think? Also, I can’t get a straight answer on nicotine, is it harmful, or just addictive? I’ve heard it increases risk for heart attack later in life, can anyone confirm?
8yo6fk,272,293,ADR,risk for heart attack,nicotine,nicotine,Harmful ingredients? I know juul is relatively new so there isn’t a ton of research on some of the ingredients’ harmful effects long term, but what do u guys think? Also, I can’t get a straight answer on nicotine, is it harmful, or just addictive? I’ve heard it increases risk for heart attack later in life, can anyone confirm?
8yo4w5,28,37,ADR,addictive,nicotine,nicotine,Is nicotine really all that addictive? I've been hesitant to use nicotine as a nootropic due to it's alleged addiction potential. According to a Harvard study, however, nicotine itself is *not* highly addictive; what's mainly responsible for the addictiveness of tobacco are additives called 'pyrazines'.  https://tobaccocontrol.bmj.com/content/25/4/444  This made me curious as to what experienced nicotine user's thoughts are on nicotines addiction potential, as well as it's cognition-enhancing benefits.
8ynzgn,1720,1729,ADR,addiction,nicotine,nicotine,Wife [35F] of 6 years is sick of my [35M] constant lying and considering divorce. Hi Reddit,  My marriage is on life support and I'm not sure what to do.  I suspect that I am suffering from depression/anxiety and maybe some ADHD though I've never seen a professional to get a diagnosis. I'm extremely forgetful. I'm a terrible procrastinator. I'm unfocused, disorganized, and have poor self-discipline. This has led me to lie about little things such as if I finished the doing my chores as a kid. They were never anything big but the lies started pile up and became habitual. This behavior has been going since as far as I can remember and I got kind of good at lying. Growing up in a conservative+military+traditional Asian family meant that mental illness doesn't exist, only weakness. I remember my father berating my teacher and school counselor in elementary, and again in middle, school for suggesting therapy when I had disciplinary issues and when my grades slipped. I had pattern of being a model student at the beginning of the school year then slowly sink to near failing towards the end. My teachers noticed this but my father attributed it to me being undisciplined and lazy. I took this heart and desperately tried to change. Predictably, nothing I tried worked, and when they didn't, I lied. And I get away with it... most of the time at least. I held the illogical belief that seeking help would be admitting my own weakness, like I had lost the battle (with what, IDK). 35 years old now and potentially losing my family, I finally realize how incredibly stupid that sounds.  My wonderful wife of 6 years is thoroughly exhausted of my lying and who could blame her. The last straw was about my nicotine addiction. When we met, I was a smoker, had been since I was 16. She however despised anything that had to do with tobacco and asked me to quit as a condition of moving our relationship beyond casual dating. I agreed and tried to quit cold turkey then and there, because I'm a man GDI !! LOL. I failed miserably. Even worse, and you probably guessed it, I lied and hid the fact that I still smoked from her. I was able to hide this from her until shortly before our wedding when I eventually was able to quit. I didn't touch a cigarette for 2 years. But the cravings never completely went away. Nicotine helped me focus, relax, and generally made me feel really good. I loved the stuff and after a particularly stressful day, I succumbed and took up dipping. Gross, I know, but it was cheap and gave me the nicotine buzz I craved. Most importantly, it didn't have the a strong smell so I could conceal my usage easier. The thing about good wives is that they know you better than anyone else, even yourself sometimes. She eventually saw right through me. She too saw the patterns observed by my teachers so many years ago and urged me to seek help, but I was too dumb, too stubborn to listen. I was caught with dip more than a few times. We would fight and I would promise to quit. Rinse. Repeat.  I was caught with dip again just a few days ago, but this time instead of getting angry, she just calmly said that she's had enough and wants a divorce, something she's threatened in the past if I was caught lying again. I had been caught lying about other meaningless things in the past as well. I didn't argue with her because, after all, I deserve it. She's been a saint for putting up with me for all these years. 30-some-odd years of deception had finally caught up to me and my world to was collapsing. My wife and I have two beautiful daughters together and they mean more to me than life itself. Now I'm going to lose them because my idiotic desire to not show weakness. I wanted to let her sort out her emotion and after a couple days of the silence, I apologized and told her how much she and the girls meant to me. She said she's heard it all before. I asked for one last chance to change. She only said "I don't know". I'm not sure what thatmeans exactly but I'm took it as a positive sign and infinitely grateful straight up NO. Finally, I told her that I would make an appointment with a therapist to help me through my issues. She said to "do whatever you want, but I can't be there for you. You're on your own". I still haven't recovered from the indescribable sting of those words. That was 2 nights ago and we haven't really spoken since.  My psychological consultation is scheduled for next week. Not sure why but I'm incredibly nervous about it. I've already decided that if I'm served with divorce papers, I'll respect her decision and sign them. In the meantime, my plan is to give her as much space as she needs to think things through but I'm not sure how much space is appropriate. We still sleep on the same bed but she lays next to the edge away from me, should I move sleep to the couch so she's more comfortable? Should we eat together even though the awkward silence sucks all the oxygen out of the room? Before this incident, we used to text each other cute check-up and "I love/miss you" messages while we were at work; the texts stopped and I don't know if I should send a friendly “how's your day going” note to her. Should I try to do something sweet like the bouquet the flowers she loves so much? I want to show my commitment to this change but I haven't figured out how yet. Hell, I don't think she'll even trust the gesture, it'll just another empty promise to her. I feel like our relationship is so fragile right now and I desperately don't want to make things worse by doing or saying something dumb, which is a very high probability with me. I've even considered checking myself into a hotel for a few weeks because I can't trust myself to not screw up around her.  Whew! Sorry about the novel. I wasn't planning on being so long winded but I've never been able to tell any of this to anyone. It felt so good typing it out that I didn't want to stop. It means a lot that you stuck with me through the whole thing. I feel a bit better already. If you've had a similar experience or have any advice I would love to hear it. Perhaps a good strategy to potentially rebuilding lost trust or maybe some tips on what to expect in therapy. Anything helps at this point. Honestly, after a week of the silent treatment a conversation with a non-toddler would be quite refreshing even it’s with online strangers.  \---  \*\*TL;DR;\*\* : I've been habitually lying since I was a kid possibly because of depression and/or anxiety but I never sought any help. Wife is fed up with my lies and considering a divorce. I've asked for one last chance and she's thinking about it. I'm giving her some space right and scheduled an appointment to see a therapist next week. Any advice on rebuilding after all trust is broken?  \*I posted this on relationships\_advice and really enjoyed the couple comments I received. I've reposted here to get additional insights and perspectives. I'm new to Reddit, sorry if that's not the proper way to do this.
8ynzgn,2278,2286,ADR,cravings,nicotine,nicotine,Wife [35F] of 6 years is sick of my [35M] constant lying and considering divorce. Hi Reddit,  My marriage is on life support and I'm not sure what to do.  I suspect that I am suffering from depression/anxiety and maybe some ADHD though I've never seen a professional to get a diagnosis. I'm extremely forgetful. I'm a terrible procrastinator. I'm unfocused, disorganized, and have poor self-discipline. This has led me to lie about little things such as if I finished the doing my chores as a kid. They were never anything big but the lies started pile up and became habitual. This behavior has been going since as far as I can remember and I got kind of good at lying. Growing up in a conservative+military+traditional Asian family meant that mental illness doesn't exist, only weakness. I remember my father berating my teacher and school counselor in elementary, and again in middle, school for suggesting therapy when I had disciplinary issues and when my grades slipped. I had pattern of being a model student at the beginning of the school year then slowly sink to near failing towards the end. My teachers noticed this but my father attributed it to me being undisciplined and lazy. I took this heart and desperately tried to change. Predictably, nothing I tried worked, and when they didn't, I lied. And I get away with it... most of the time at least. I held the illogical belief that seeking help would be admitting my own weakness, like I had lost the battle (with what, IDK). 35 years old now and potentially losing my family, I finally realize how incredibly stupid that sounds.  My wonderful wife of 6 years is thoroughly exhausted of my lying and who could blame her. The last straw was about my nicotine addiction. When we met, I was a smoker, had been since I was 16. She however despised anything that had to do with tobacco and asked me to quit as a condition of moving our relationship beyond casual dating. I agreed and tried to quit cold turkey then and there, because I'm a man GDI !! LOL. I failed miserably. Even worse, and you probably guessed it, I lied and hid the fact that I still smoked from her. I was able to hide this from her until shortly before our wedding when I eventually was able to quit. I didn't touch a cigarette for 2 years. But the cravings never completely went away. Nicotine helped me focus, relax, and generally made me feel really good. I loved the stuff and after a particularly stressful day, I succumbed and took up dipping. Gross, I know, but it was cheap and gave me the nicotine buzz I craved. Most importantly, it didn't have the a strong smell so I could conceal my usage easier. The thing about good wives is that they know you better than anyone else, even yourself sometimes. She eventually saw right through me. She too saw the patterns observed by my teachers so many years ago and urged me to seek help, but I was too dumb, too stubborn to listen. I was caught with dip more than a few times. We would fight and I would promise to quit. Rinse. Repeat.  I was caught with dip again just a few days ago, but this time instead of getting angry, she just calmly said that she's had enough and wants a divorce, something she's threatened in the past if I was caught lying again. I had been caught lying about other meaningless things in the past as well. I didn't argue with her because, after all, I deserve it. She's been a saint for putting up with me for all these years. 30-some-odd years of deception had finally caught up to me and my world to was collapsing. My wife and I have two beautiful daughters together and they mean more to me than life itself. Now I'm going to lose them because my idiotic desire to not show weakness. I wanted to let her sort out her emotion and after a couple days of the silence, I apologized and told her how much she and the girls meant to me. She said she's heard it all before. I asked for one last chance to change. She only said "I don't know". I'm not sure what thatmeans exactly but I'm took it as a positive sign and infinitely grateful straight up NO. Finally, I told her that I would make an appointment with a therapist to help me through my issues. She said to "do whatever you want, but I can't be there for you. You're on your own". I still haven't recovered from the indescribable sting of those words. That was 2 nights ago and we haven't really spoken since.  My psychological consultation is scheduled for next week. Not sure why but I'm incredibly nervous about it. I've already decided that if I'm served with divorce papers, I'll respect her decision and sign them. In the meantime, my plan is to give her as much space as she needs to think things through but I'm not sure how much space is appropriate. We still sleep on the same bed but she lays next to the edge away from me, should I move sleep to the couch so she's more comfortable? Should we eat together even though the awkward silence sucks all the oxygen out of the room? Before this incident, we used to text each other cute check-up and "I love/miss you" messages while we were at work; the texts stopped and I don't know if I should send a friendly “how's your day going” note to her. Should I try to do something sweet like the bouquet the flowers she loves so much? I want to show my commitment to this change but I haven't figured out how yet. Hell, I don't think she'll even trust the gesture, it'll just another empty promise to her. I feel like our relationship is so fragile right now and I desperately don't want to make things worse by doing or saying something dumb, which is a very high probability with me. I've even considered checking myself into a hotel for a few weeks because I can't trust myself to not screw up around her.  Whew! Sorry about the novel. I wasn't planning on being so long winded but I've never been able to tell any of this to anyone. It felt so good typing it out that I didn't want to stop. It means a lot that you stuck with me through the whole thing. I feel a bit better already. If you've had a similar experience or have any advice I would love to hear it. Perhaps a good strategy to potentially rebuilding lost trust or maybe some tips on what to expect in therapy. Anything helps at this point. Honestly, after a week of the silent treatment a conversation with a non-toddler would be quite refreshing even it’s with online strangers.  \---  \*\*TL;DR;\*\* : I've been habitually lying since I was a kid possibly because of depression and/or anxiety but I never sought any help. Wife is fed up with my lies and considering a divorce. I've asked for one last chance and she's thinking about it. I'm giving her some space right and scheduled an appointment to see a therapist next week. Any advice on rebuilding after all trust is broken?  \*I posted this on relationships\_advice and really enjoyed the couple comments I received. I've reposted here to get additional insights and perspectives. I'm new to Reddit, sorry if that's not the proper way to do this.
8ymx5j,47,59,ADR,brain freeze,nicotine,nicotine,Why such a big difference? I ordered naked 100 brain freeze and polar breeze both in 6mg at the same time from the same website. My brain freeze is now gone and was a darkish yellow color by the time it was gone. I know this is to be expected after oxygen gets in the bottle, especially with higher nicotine content. However, my polar breeze bottle is half gone and almost clear still. Does this mean they didn't add enough nicotine?
8ylmay,127,137,ADR,withdrawal,nicotine,nicotine,1 week down One week without cigarettes after smoking for 10 years and I feel great.   Wondering if smoking a blunt will cause withdrawal symptoms/cravings because of the nicotine in it? I smoke weed daily and I really feel it’s helping me quit. But does a blunt here and there make quitting harder by reintroducing a small amount of nicotine?   Also wondering if you all have any tips for a quitter who is dating a heavy smoker?
8ylmay,147,155,ADR,cravings,nicotine,nicotine,1 week down One week without cigarettes after smoking for 10 years and I feel great.   Wondering if smoking a blunt will cause withdrawal symptoms/cravings because of the nicotine in it? I smoke weed daily and I really feel it’s helping me quit. But does a blunt here and there make quitting harder by reintroducing a small amount of nicotine?   Also wondering if you all have any tips for a quitter who is dating a heavy smoker?
8yl2cn,3146,3160,ADR,social anxiety,nicotine,nicotine,Need Advice...somewhat Urgent. World Cup Finals and Dodgers Game This Sunday(7/15) I posted a few days ago so I feel guilty about asking for help again but I really need it even more urgently...  I will be going to the Dodgers game this Sunday with my long time buddy(I have known him since middle school) and we typically drink like heavy alcoholics and we revel in it.  I have since tried to move away from that but it's tough...  Some quick back story:  Whenever we meet up we drink...and I mean drink.  Last time I saw him we drank a twelve pack and a quarter of a bottle of whisky between the two of us in 4 hours.  On the day before his wedding him, his father, and I drank nearly two bottles of whisky.  Now onto the original plan for Sunday...  I had originally planned to go to the game with him and just catch up and tell him that I planned to stop drinking.  He is a really good buddy of mine and I know that I am one of the few people whom he can just drink like crazy with.  Same for myself...  Anyway, whenever we go to Dodger games we typically drink before and during...  This time I do not want to.  I have not drank since last Friday(so give or take a week) and I am very proud of that.  I had planned to tell my buddy and hope that he understands but today in the morning when I confirmed plans with him we both realized something...  The world cup final is that day...  I really enjoy the world cup but I am not as avid a soccer fan as he is.  So instead of meeting up around noon that day for the baseball game in the afternoon we will be meeting up around 7am(pacific time, game starts at 8am here I think) at his place to watch the game with him and maybe his wife.  He has already prepared the mimosas(him and his wife love these) and beers as a surprise.  He has already planned and found a local bus route that will take us to Dodger stadium from his place and wants to 'turn up' in the morning.  Originally I had thought the daunting task of explaining that I do not want to enjoy many of our favorite past times together was already overwhelming and I may cave and have one beer...and that was for a few hours to roughly half a day of resistance.  Baseball games are long...  But, now with the inclusion of the world cup finals I do not know how I will manage to stay away from drinking all day...  I do not want this to be a big deal and I may be overthinking it but we always drink tons and I have joked with him that I think I may be alcoholic given the fact that at times I have drank an entire bottle of wine or a six-pack a day daily for weeks at a time.  I am even considering just having a cigarette with him instead...he is also a smoker and we started smoking together at roughly the same time(young) and I have since quit but he still smokes and usually under the influence of alcohol I will join him for one.  Maybe I'll just get a temporary vaporizer as that will be less bad and I hope it can pull me through...  I had hope this day would be easier but with all these compounding events I am not sure how to handle it.  I think him and his wife may handle it better though but I have anxiety, especially social anxiety, and I had been mentally preparing myself for almost a week now just to say that I do not want to drink at the game but now with all these other things going on I do not know what I am going to do...  Deep down I know that it is in part due to him that I even began smoking cigarettes in the first place and I do not resent him for that but I do feel sometimes he is a passive enabler, although since maybe a year ago he has stopped actively offering me cigarettes when we hang out(drinking or not).  Hell, I have cigarettes with him and his dad and then air out so his dad's wife won't find out...lol  Anyway, I am really on a journey to mental and physical health and in my last longest bought of true sobriety(no caffiene, no nicotine, no alcohol) lasted 8 months and I felt on top of the world and I had much less anxiety.  I know that my anxiety is tied to the fact that I run from it with alcohol and(before) nicotine but it always creates a negative feedback loop in which I am even more anxious because of how I may act when I have drank or the fact that my face gets red(Asian glow) and everyone thinks I am drunk...however years of practice makes it somewhat hard to get drunk right away but the glow comes after one drink...  Sorry for the extremely long post but I hope that someone can offer any words of encouragement or what I might consider telling my friend because I do not want him to feel that he is a bad influence(although he may be) but I do want him to know that I do not judge him and hope that he will not judge me.  **tl;dr  It was already hard enough not enjoying two of America's favorite past times: a cold one and baseball!  But now with the world cup and an entire day of already prepared alcohol with one of my best buds...  How do I say it politely or am I over thinking it**  Thanks everyone and stay strong
8ykz8g,556,566,ADR,depression,nicotine,nicotine,I am very close to a stupid decision. This has been a very difficult week for me. Background info is I've struggled with self harm and suicidal tendencies for the last 5 years, but have managed a full year without a single incident. 6 weeks ago I stopped smoking and started using a vape, gradually decreasing in nicotine content.  I was at the lowest available percentage of nicotine when my vape broke, earlier this week, and I am now suffering severely. I had no idea how much I needed it. Several other things have gone wrong too, and it feels like my depression and anxiety that have been half assing making me suffer for the last year have suddenly decided to kick back.  After coming so far, I am moments away from either self harm, buying fags, or running away. Or any other catastrophic decision I could possibly make. All of my housemates are away, and if I told my girlfriend this, she'd freak the fuck out. Family live in a different town. Ironically, the only people I could ask for help or company are stood outside smoking. What should I do?
8ykz8g,571,578,ADR,anxiety,nicotine,nicotine,I am very close to a stupid decision. This has been a very difficult week for me. Background info is I've struggled with self harm and suicidal tendencies for the last 5 years, but have managed a full year without a single incident. 6 weeks ago I stopped smoking and started using a vape, gradually decreasing in nicotine content.  I was at the lowest available percentage of nicotine when my vape broke, earlier this week, and I am now suffering severely. I had no idea how much I needed it. Several other things have gone wrong too, and it feels like my depression and anxiety that have been half assing making me suffer for the last year have suddenly decided to kick back.  After coming so far, I am moments away from either self harm, buying fags, or running away. Or any other catastrophic decision I could possibly make. All of my housemates are away, and if I told my girlfriend this, she'd freak the fuck out. Family live in a different town. Ironically, the only people I could ask for help or company are stood outside smoking. What should I do?
8ykfqh,610,617,ADR,craving,nicotine,nicotine,People who smoke in indoor arenas should be kicked out. Was at the show last night. Security was a joke. At first when arena was still pretty empty, every time they spot someone smoking, they came to person and ask them to put it out, and then walk away. Obviously person would start smoking again, just a bit more discreet. But once the main show started, all the rules were out of the window, people could smoke freely, cuz there no way security would get to them.   IMO people who smoke cigarettes indoors should be kicked out, on first offense. There are alternatives that you can use to get your nicotine craving, and they arent that expensive, and dont inconvenience people around you.
8yj4he,302,311,ADR,headaches,nicotine,nicotine,Need Advice! (remove if not allowed) Hello fellow cool kids,  So I used to vape almost 24/7, 3mg, while on anti-depressants and everything was chill.   Awhile ago I went of my happy medicine for a week or so, and continued vaping while at it. Recently I went back on them and now whenever I vape I get headaches. I was wondering if any of y'all had any advice on what I should do? I was on a higher dose when I was vaping like crazy so it's not that I can't have nicotine on them, I'm just, concerned and was wondering if anyone has experienced this before. I've only been vaping for about 3 months now so I'm still pretty new.
8yil7y,259,269,ADR,addictions,nicotine,nicotine,A Helpful Note for anyone looking to understand/eliminate their Addictions to Porn/Gaming/Surfing/Electronic Devices/Smart Devices/Social Media I wish to offer a quick perspective upon *porn/gaming/surfing/electronic device/smart device/social media specific addictions* here. Since us humans tend to think logically (and are excellent at countering logic with logic), I've found that a logical understanding of one's problems (or in this case, addictions) can often lead one to resolving the said problems using the exact same *logical mechanism* to their fullest advantage. In that *understanding* the *exact* mechanism that creates/prolongs/perpetuates their problems (or addictions in this case), can greatly help them in resolving the problem as *rapidly*, if not *far more efficiently.* **It is quite likely that many of you herein are already aware of what I'm about to say here, nevertheless, please do let me say what I have to say on the off-chance that someone here does not know this and can benefit from it in some way.**    Everything in our universe is either energy or matter, at least, as far as we know (so far). And if one were to speak in terms of consciousness here, **the more that you give your energy/consciousness to something, the more it gets powerful.**    A good example of this would be when one has a tragic event or a painful memory in their lives. The more that they continue to consistently focus upon (think about/pay attention to) it, the more it continues to cause them pain and suffering. Hell, one scary post from ***nosleep*** or ***watchpeopledie*** can ruin someone's sleep because that thing continues to capture and *consume* their focus/attention endlessly. Which is why people who are able to **"tear themselves apart"** ^^[make ^^special ^^note ^^of ^^this ^^phrase, ^^we'll ^^encounter ^^it ^^later] from focusing upon troublesome memories/events by using literally any positive distraction necessary (except alcohol/drugs or similar negative distractions) are able to "get over it" far more smoothly and quickly. These people are then able to lead relatively better lives than they would have had, had they focused upon their traumatic experience/memory/event for too long, i.e. for an *"unhealthy" period of time* --  as the wise phrase goes. **It appears that *absolutely anything* can become an "energy vortex" (an energetic whirlpool that consumes *everything* by pulling it in) when one CONSISTENTLY PAYS ATTENTION/FOCUS to it. And this applies more so to "distraction devices" of the smartphone ilk.**    **WHAT'S WORSE, is that the more that these things get energy (in this case attention/focus), *the more that they grow powerful,* which is the most obvious logical outcome anyways. And then these things control you, because power equals control in our world.**    Which brings us to the following observations. Porn consumes one's focus/attention incessantly. Gaming consumes one's focus/attention incessantly. Surfing and Entertainment consume one's focus/attention incessantly. Social Media and News (the biggest and the most "negatively charged" energies of them all) consume one's focus/attention incessantly. The idea that &lt;*"others*" have the most amazing lives and *my* life utterly sucks&gt; (thanks, Facebook); consumes one's focus/attention incessantly. **The more that you focus upon these (mostly negatively charged) energy vortexes, the more they grow powerful. The more they grow powerful, the *more* are they able to attract *even more* of your attention and focus. The more that this happens, THE MORE POWERFULLY YOU ARE SUCKED DEEPER WITHIN THE VORTEX. This then becomes a *vicious circle* that then becomes near-impossible to end.**    This is why so many people start having *such massive withdrawal symptoms* upon quitting Facebook or even their favorite TV show.     Remember when I told you earlier that the only way (or at least, the most *instantaneous* way) to step out of an all-consuming "energy vortex" is to **"tear yourself apart"** from it? ***That,*** is exactly what I would recommend to anyone looking to free themselves from this mess. Sure, quitting *"cold turkey"* can *indeed have* some massive disadvantages such as withdrawal symptoms etc., but hey, these are hardly even comparable to the "physically unbearable" physiochemical withdrawal symptoms that come from quitting alcohol/drugs/nicotine and the sort. Not that I'm denouncing slower methods such as therapy etc. or anything (whatever works for you!); but that quitting Porn/Gaming/Surfing/Social Media/Smart Devices cold-turkey is nothing similar to quitting addictive ***chemical*** substances cold-turkey. In that you can do it instantly without having to experience unbearable body pain or destabilising yourself physically due to intense side-effects.    I hope this information proves helpful to anyone facing a device/media addiction here.
8yil7y,3771,3781,ADR,withdrawal,nicotine,nicotine,A Helpful Note for anyone looking to understand/eliminate their Addictions to Porn/Gaming/Surfing/Electronic Devices/Smart Devices/Social Media I wish to offer a quick perspective upon *porn/gaming/surfing/electronic device/smart device/social media specific addictions* here. Since us humans tend to think logically (and are excellent at countering logic with logic), I've found that a logical understanding of one's problems (or in this case, addictions) can often lead one to resolving the said problems using the exact same *logical mechanism* to their fullest advantage. In that *understanding* the *exact* mechanism that creates/prolongs/perpetuates their problems (or addictions in this case), can greatly help them in resolving the problem as *rapidly*, if not *far more efficiently.* **It is quite likely that many of you herein are already aware of what I'm about to say here, nevertheless, please do let me say what I have to say on the off-chance that someone here does not know this and can benefit from it in some way.**    Everything in our universe is either energy or matter, at least, as far as we know (so far). And if one were to speak in terms of consciousness here, **the more that you give your energy/consciousness to something, the more it gets powerful.**    A good example of this would be when one has a tragic event or a painful memory in their lives. The more that they continue to consistently focus upon (think about/pay attention to) it, the more it continues to cause them pain and suffering. Hell, one scary post from ***nosleep*** or ***watchpeopledie*** can ruin someone's sleep because that thing continues to capture and *consume* their focus/attention endlessly. Which is why people who are able to **"tear themselves apart"** ^^[make ^^special ^^note ^^of ^^this ^^phrase, ^^we'll ^^encounter ^^it ^^later] from focusing upon troublesome memories/events by using literally any positive distraction necessary (except alcohol/drugs or similar negative distractions) are able to "get over it" far more smoothly and quickly. These people are then able to lead relatively better lives than they would have had, had they focused upon their traumatic experience/memory/event for too long, i.e. for an *"unhealthy" period of time* --  as the wise phrase goes. **It appears that *absolutely anything* can become an "energy vortex" (an energetic whirlpool that consumes *everything* by pulling it in) when one CONSISTENTLY PAYS ATTENTION/FOCUS to it. And this applies more so to "distraction devices" of the smartphone ilk.**    **WHAT'S WORSE, is that the more that these things get energy (in this case attention/focus), *the more that they grow powerful,* which is the most obvious logical outcome anyways. And then these things control you, because power equals control in our world.**    Which brings us to the following observations. Porn consumes one's focus/attention incessantly. Gaming consumes one's focus/attention incessantly. Surfing and Entertainment consume one's focus/attention incessantly. Social Media and News (the biggest and the most "negatively charged" energies of them all) consume one's focus/attention incessantly. The idea that &lt;*"others*" have the most amazing lives and *my* life utterly sucks&gt; (thanks, Facebook); consumes one's focus/attention incessantly. **The more that you focus upon these (mostly negatively charged) energy vortexes, the more they grow powerful. The more they grow powerful, the *more* are they able to attract *even more* of your attention and focus. The more that this happens, THE MORE POWERFULLY YOU ARE SUCKED DEEPER WITHIN THE VORTEX. This then becomes a *vicious circle* that then becomes near-impossible to end.**    This is why so many people start having *such massive withdrawal symptoms* upon quitting Facebook or even their favorite TV show.     Remember when I told you earlier that the only way (or at least, the most *instantaneous* way) to step out of an all-consuming "energy vortex" is to **"tear yourself apart"** from it? ***That,*** is exactly what I would recommend to anyone looking to free themselves from this mess. Sure, quitting *"cold turkey"* can *indeed have* some massive disadvantages such as withdrawal symptoms etc., but hey, these are hardly even comparable to the "physically unbearable" physiochemical withdrawal symptoms that come from quitting alcohol/drugs/nicotine and the sort. Not that I'm denouncing slower methods such as therapy etc. or anything (whatever works for you!); but that quitting Porn/Gaming/Surfing/Social Media/Smart Devices cold-turkey is nothing similar to quitting addictive ***chemical*** substances cold-turkey. In that you can do it instantly without having to experience unbearable body pain or destabilising yourself physically due to intense side-effects.    I hope this information proves helpful to anyone facing a device/media addiction here.
8yil7y,4730,4750,ADR,unbearable body pain,nicotine,nicotine,A Helpful Note for anyone looking to understand/eliminate their Addictions to Porn/Gaming/Surfing/Electronic Devices/Smart Devices/Social Media I wish to offer a quick perspective upon *porn/gaming/surfing/electronic device/smart device/social media specific addictions* here. Since us humans tend to think logically (and are excellent at countering logic with logic), I've found that a logical understanding of one's problems (or in this case, addictions) can often lead one to resolving the said problems using the exact same *logical mechanism* to their fullest advantage. In that *understanding* the *exact* mechanism that creates/prolongs/perpetuates their problems (or addictions in this case), can greatly help them in resolving the problem as *rapidly*, if not *far more efficiently.* **It is quite likely that many of you herein are already aware of what I'm about to say here, nevertheless, please do let me say what I have to say on the off-chance that someone here does not know this and can benefit from it in some way.**    Everything in our universe is either energy or matter, at least, as far as we know (so far). And if one were to speak in terms of consciousness here, **the more that you give your energy/consciousness to something, the more it gets powerful.**    A good example of this would be when one has a tragic event or a painful memory in their lives. The more that they continue to consistently focus upon (think about/pay attention to) it, the more it continues to cause them pain and suffering. Hell, one scary post from ***nosleep*** or ***watchpeopledie*** can ruin someone's sleep because that thing continues to capture and *consume* their focus/attention endlessly. Which is why people who are able to **"tear themselves apart"** ^^[make ^^special ^^note ^^of ^^this ^^phrase, ^^we'll ^^encounter ^^it ^^later] from focusing upon troublesome memories/events by using literally any positive distraction necessary (except alcohol/drugs or similar negative distractions) are able to "get over it" far more smoothly and quickly. These people are then able to lead relatively better lives than they would have had, had they focused upon their traumatic experience/memory/event for too long, i.e. for an *"unhealthy" period of time* --  as the wise phrase goes. **It appears that *absolutely anything* can become an "energy vortex" (an energetic whirlpool that consumes *everything* by pulling it in) when one CONSISTENTLY PAYS ATTENTION/FOCUS to it. And this applies more so to "distraction devices" of the smartphone ilk.**    **WHAT'S WORSE, is that the more that these things get energy (in this case attention/focus), *the more that they grow powerful,* which is the most obvious logical outcome anyways. And then these things control you, because power equals control in our world.**    Which brings us to the following observations. Porn consumes one's focus/attention incessantly. Gaming consumes one's focus/attention incessantly. Surfing and Entertainment consume one's focus/attention incessantly. Social Media and News (the biggest and the most "negatively charged" energies of them all) consume one's focus/attention incessantly. The idea that &lt;*"others*" have the most amazing lives and *my* life utterly sucks&gt; (thanks, Facebook); consumes one's focus/attention incessantly. **The more that you focus upon these (mostly negatively charged) energy vortexes, the more they grow powerful. The more they grow powerful, the *more* are they able to attract *even more* of your attention and focus. The more that this happens, THE MORE POWERFULLY YOU ARE SUCKED DEEPER WITHIN THE VORTEX. This then becomes a *vicious circle* that then becomes near-impossible to end.**    This is why so many people start having *such massive withdrawal symptoms* upon quitting Facebook or even their favorite TV show.     Remember when I told you earlier that the only way (or at least, the most *instantaneous* way) to step out of an all-consuming "energy vortex" is to **"tear yourself apart"** from it? ***That,*** is exactly what I would recommend to anyone looking to free themselves from this mess. Sure, quitting *"cold turkey"* can *indeed have* some massive disadvantages such as withdrawal symptoms etc., but hey, these are hardly even comparable to the "physically unbearable" physiochemical withdrawal symptoms that come from quitting alcohol/drugs/nicotine and the sort. Not that I'm denouncing slower methods such as therapy etc. or anything (whatever works for you!); but that quitting Porn/Gaming/Surfing/Social Media/Smart Devices cold-turkey is nothing similar to quitting addictive ***chemical*** substances cold-turkey. In that you can do it instantly without having to experience unbearable body pain or destabilising yourself physically due to intense side-effects.    I hope this information proves helpful to anyone facing a device/media addiction here.
8yil18,218,226,ADR,cravings,nicotine,nicotine,Creativity and Productivity vs Cigarettes I stopped smoking almost 3 weeks ago (after smoking a pack a day for 4 years); I have read Allen Carr's *Easyway* and everything went smoother than I expected. I got cigarette cravings for a while (I still get them from time to time) but I am quite happy with being a non-smoker now.   However, my biggest challenge at the moment is to focus on a specific task, immerse myself into something that I enjoy and be productive for long period of times. When I was smoking, I could work one hour straight, then go for a cigarette and repeat the process for at least 4 hours (until I was getting mentally exhausted). Now, I can't immerse myself into anything (other than playing video games). Whenever I want to start creating something (I work as a digital designer), I find reasons to be *unhappy* \- not feeling inspired enough, not finding the perfect Spotify playlist, not having a tidy desk, etc). I didn't have these issues before and during the past two days I have been giving it some thought. Allen Carr's didn't mention any advantage related to smoking, but for some reason I think I was more productive and creative while smoking (it was a part of my creative process for a couple of years). Overall, I feel like I get irritated when I encounter a challenge, instead of being motivated to solve the problem.   Is there something that Allen Carr chose not to mention in regards to the chemicals the nicotine releases in the brain and their effect on productivity/creativity? Is it just the habit of smoking while working that I can't get rid of easily? Anybody working in any creative industry that might offer some insight into a similar issue?
8yil18,1267,1276,ADR,irritated,nicotine,nicotine,Creativity and Productivity vs Cigarettes I stopped smoking almost 3 weeks ago (after smoking a pack a day for 4 years); I have read Allen Carr's *Easyway* and everything went smoother than I expected. I got cigarette cravings for a while (I still get them from time to time) but I am quite happy with being a non-smoker now.   However, my biggest challenge at the moment is to focus on a specific task, immerse myself into something that I enjoy and be productive for long period of times. When I was smoking, I could work one hour straight, then go for a cigarette and repeat the process for at least 4 hours (until I was getting mentally exhausted). Now, I can't immerse myself into anything (other than playing video games). Whenever I want to start creating something (I work as a digital designer), I find reasons to be *unhappy* \- not feeling inspired enough, not finding the perfect Spotify playlist, not having a tidy desk, etc). I didn't have these issues before and during the past two days I have been giving it some thought. Allen Carr's didn't mention any advantage related to smoking, but for some reason I think I was more productive and creative while smoking (it was a part of my creative process for a couple of years). Overall, I feel like I get irritated when I encounter a challenge, instead of being motivated to solve the problem.   Is there something that Allen Carr chose not to mention in regards to the chemicals the nicotine releases in the brain and their effect on productivity/creativity? Is it just the habit of smoking while working that I can't get rid of easily? Anybody working in any creative industry that might offer some insight into a similar issue?
8yi2uh,99,108,ADR,addiction,nicotine,nicotine,A wrench in the wheel of recovery. And the truth about the fight. I think this goes along with any addiction, that it has a tendency to suck you into it with rationalization or other circumstances and then if you don’t binge after, it throws your entire body into a unbalanced state. I’ve noticed this with nicotine, as well as fapping and porn.   Lately my doctor ordered me to masturbate for medical reasons, had to check bacteria in my sperm. And I learned something new. I used to think that whenever I reset before, it mainly had to do with the guilt of the subconscious, and thats what made me sick and weak after. But thats not true. Obviously because I HAD to masturbate because of an infection, afterwards there was no guilt. Mentally I am fine right now, but physically, i am feeling the same symptoms I would have if i reset without a doctor telling me to. This is both a physical and mental addiction.  Its obvious that when you try to quit something, if you get a hit of it during recovery its gonna make you feel like shit. And thats exactly what I am required to do right now, even though I want to go cold turkey, I cant because of medical reasons, and it sucks. I have to do it again next week. For a check up. After I get cleared of this bacteria. I will hopefully quit for a long while.  Also, i always found it so weird how the after symptoms are so reduced when you have sex instead of M. I don’t know why that is the case but it really is true. Both orgasms, but why does it feel so different? I wonder, does a person who is addicted to sex instead of M, feel the opposite reaction? Is it because I am addicted to M but not sex, that it feels different afterwards? Like how if i vape nicotine right now I would certainly feel like crap after, but having a drink doesn’t make me feel bad at all? Can our brain really differentiate between a MO and Sex O? Im mesmerized. Its almost as if those two are of different nature. Thats why people can’t quit MO even after they are married. Addiction is a weird thing. From what I experienced, if you feel like you need to binge or feel like shit after doing something, you have an addiction. Which makes me want to quit this even more. I hope I have enough willpower to keep going even in triggering (literally) circumstances like this.
8yi2uh,219,224,ADR,binge,nicotine,nicotine,A wrench in the wheel of recovery. And the truth about the fight. I think this goes along with any addiction, that it has a tendency to suck you into it with rationalization or other circumstances and then if you don’t binge after, it throws your entire body into a unbalanced state. I’ve noticed this with nicotine, as well as fapping and porn.   Lately my doctor ordered me to masturbate for medical reasons, had to check bacteria in my sperm. And I learned something new. I used to think that whenever I reset before, it mainly had to do with the guilt of the subconscious, and thats what made me sick and weak after. But thats not true. Obviously because I HAD to masturbate because of an infection, afterwards there was no guilt. Mentally I am fine right now, but physically, i am feeling the same symptoms I would have if i reset without a doctor telling me to. This is both a physical and mental addiction.  Its obvious that when you try to quit something, if you get a hit of it during recovery its gonna make you feel like shit. And thats exactly what I am required to do right now, even though I want to go cold turkey, I cant because of medical reasons, and it sucks. I have to do it again next week. For a check up. After I get cleared of this bacteria. I will hopefully quit for a long while.  Also, i always found it so weird how the after symptoms are so reduced when you have sex instead of M. I don’t know why that is the case but it really is true. Both orgasms, but why does it feel so different? I wonder, does a person who is addicted to sex instead of M, feel the opposite reaction? Is it because I am addicted to M but not sex, that it feels different afterwards? Like how if i vape nicotine right now I would certainly feel like crap after, but having a drink doesn’t make me feel bad at all? Can our brain really differentiate between a MO and Sex O? Im mesmerized. Its almost as if those two are of different nature. Thats why people can’t quit MO even after they are married. Addiction is a weird thing. From what I experienced, if you feel like you need to binge or feel like shit after doing something, you have an addiction. Which makes me want to quit this even more. I hope I have enough willpower to keep going even in triggering (literally) circumstances like this.
8yhps2,82,91,ADR,addiction,nicotine,nicotine,I hate it that i need you: Nikki I've only been introduced to this whole nicotine addiction Summer of 2017 when i got into smoking spliffs with my homies.   did not think anything of it,   it started off as "i would never smoke tobacco only weed."   then "i'll smoke a spliff but will never roll one"  then it got to "one a day is fine"  until it progressed to 2-5 spliffs a day (one in the morning and one before bed at the minimum) to where weed by itself is not appealing to me at all.   it has been about 2 months since i quit smoking (coming up on the 23rd of this month) but i still use nic devices (Phix, Juul, etc) and go through pods like crazy.   the best way i can describe the crave is like feeling dehydrated, and finally getting to enjoy that sensation of the "nick" in the back of the throat is like walking through a desert and finding an oasis..  the fact that this substance has such a hold on me sucks and all i want to do is quit but i feel i dont have the self control to do so. i quit smoking so that's a start.   is there any good methods out there that helped you guys quit nicotine?   i can really use a god send
8yhps2,711,721,ADR,dehydrated,nicotine,nicotine,I hate it that i need you: Nikki I've only been introduced to this whole nicotine addiction Summer of 2017 when i got into smoking spliffs with my homies.   did not think anything of it,   it started off as "i would never smoke tobacco only weed."   then "i'll smoke a spliff but will never roll one"  then it got to "one a day is fine"  until it progressed to 2-5 spliffs a day (one in the morning and one before bed at the minimum) to where weed by itself is not appealing to me at all.   it has been about 2 months since i quit smoking (coming up on the 23rd of this month) but i still use nic devices (Phix, Juul, etc) and go through pods like crazy.   the best way i can describe the crave is like feeling dehydrated, and finally getting to enjoy that sensation of the "nick" in the back of the throat is like walking through a desert and finding an oasis..  the fact that this substance has such a hold on me sucks and all i want to do is quit but i feel i dont have the self control to do so. i quit smoking so that's a start.   is there any good methods out there that helped you guys quit nicotine?   i can really use a god send
8ygxyd,1364,1373,ADR,addiction,nicotine,nicotine,I feel strangely guilty for having even a small PUFF of vape. So, here's my story:  I have: - Never smoked. - Never drinked (outside of an occasional parent-supported mini-sip here and there). - Never smoked weed. - And, for awhile, never had any vape.  I personally never really cared to try any of these. Even my classmates' post-graduate activities (smoking cigars, pulling out the weed, etc,.) never got into me...  There was, however, a day shortly after one of our "last days" (before our graduation ceremony) at school where we simply walked out to our cars. A friend of mine pulled out his vape pen and shared some puffs with others.  Believe it or not, I don't recall a single time in my school career where I was peer pressured or forced to do things like drugs or alcohol. When this particular friend first started vaping, he was actually super nice about it, saying that he didn't want to force or pressure me to do it.   And yet, on this particular day, even without any pressure or even simple offerings from anyone, I had this weird sudden "fuck it" attitude and finally took a puff of it.  It was some cotton candy flavored vape juice, and of course, I coughed on it. Not much really came to mind afterwards. I was a bit dissapointed to find that it had nicotine in it later on, though.   That was around 2 months ago. Since then? I haven't had an addiction with it, I haven't been affected by it as a result, and I still don't even care to buy any vape product as a result.  Cut to around 10 minutes ago, and I'm chatting with a friend about his grad party on Saturday. I politely ask him if he's doing a sleepover afterwards, and he says he is. He jokes around and says we're gonna go in on some intense weed. He then says that he's never had vape, beer, cigars, etc,. I then told him that the worst I've done was a puff of vape (injected with some wacky humor of course). He then admits that he's never even done that.  Now, I don't think this was his goal or intention (I know him well enough to know that he wouldn't try to be a purposeful and legitimate dick about what I had said), but when he said that, it honestly made me feel a bit guilty about what I did that day. Once again, there was no peer pressure or extra BS involved. It was literally all my choice. Yet, in a weird way, it was almost as if I betrayed my own personal health history, my own ideas, my own values, my own body, etc,... Especially when everything else was clean and A-OK. I know this sounds like a "Ha Ha, I'm better than all YOU people" kind of thing, but I admittedly was kinda proud of it (as much as I usually hate the superiority attitude that some people may inhabit) until now. Granted, my diet definitely isn't perfect (not terrible, but it could be better), and some could argue that it was all long gone due to the occasional inhale of some of my extended family's cigarette smoke.  I mean, I don't know. Maybe it's just a mild emotional funk that just came out of either something that's not really a big deal or nothing at all, but still. I may even be making a super big deal out of something so needlessly simple.  I mean, am I the only one to have a weird guilt/reaction like this?
8yf4ny,803,814,ADR,withdrawals,nicotine,nicotine,Just got out of the hospital. Tomorrow will be Day 7. So... let's see. I'll spare you the reasons why, but I checked myself into the hospital last weekend because I was trying to kill myself with alcohol in a hotel room by myself. I am on probation but went out of state to be at a hospital near my family (we'll see how that goes), but I was literally running for my life.  In triage they gave me a "banana bag". I was admitted to the psych floor pretty quickly and given polypropylene scrubs and 1mg of lorazepam, although my body temperature was such that I was cycling from sweating to freezing from the air conditioner, because the scrubs don't breathe, to finally finding that right position. I had to give up not only my phone but my e-cigarette, and the first day I was having such bad nicotine withdrawals that I was crying. Fortunately, they gave me nicotine patches every day.  They doubled my SSRI and put me on Wellbutrin and Antabuse (which I asked for). That night was one of the scariest nights of my life. I was experiencing such realistic delerious hallucinations that they had to give me an antipsychotic (Haldol). I watched the nightlight playing an episode of Family Guy; I thought there was some kind of creature living in the scrubs on top of my dresser. I saw one of my exes lying on some kind of dead bird and slowly pulling things out of it. I imagined there were dead kittens everywhere.   I think it was when I told the nurse about the little girl and her pet pig trapped in my storage space that the nurses were alerted to something. It's a little funny now to talk about it, but I was so horrified at the time.  The food was fine. The checkups every couple of hours sucked--including them opening your door every 30 minutes or so if you weren't out on the floor, and group therapy was actually really good. Part of my release was being directed to a rehab facility and a date to check in, and after I square away everything here now that I have my communications back, that's my next step.  I'm looking forward to it.
8yf4ny,1057,1081,ADR,delerious hallucinations,nicotine,nicotine,Just got out of the hospital. Tomorrow will be Day 7. So... let's see. I'll spare you the reasons why, but I checked myself into the hospital last weekend because I was trying to kill myself with alcohol in a hotel room by myself. I am on probation but went out of state to be at a hospital near my family (we'll see how that goes), but I was literally running for my life.  In triage they gave me a "banana bag". I was admitted to the psych floor pretty quickly and given polypropylene scrubs and 1mg of lorazepam, although my body temperature was such that I was cycling from sweating to freezing from the air conditioner, because the scrubs don't breathe, to finally finding that right position. I had to give up not only my phone but my e-cigarette, and the first day I was having such bad nicotine withdrawals that I was crying. Fortunately, they gave me nicotine patches every day.  They doubled my SSRI and put me on Wellbutrin and Antabuse (which I asked for). That night was one of the scariest nights of my life. I was experiencing such realistic delerious hallucinations that they had to give me an antipsychotic (Haldol). I watched the nightlight playing an episode of Family Guy; I thought there was some kind of creature living in the scrubs on top of my dresser. I saw one of my exes lying on some kind of dead bird and slowly pulling things out of it. I imagined there were dead kittens everywhere.   I think it was when I told the nurse about the little girl and her pet pig trapped in my storage space that the nurses were alerted to something. It's a little funny now to talk about it, but I was so horrified at the time.  The food was fine. The checkups every couple of hours sucked--including them opening your door every 30 minutes or so if you weren't out on the floor, and group therapy was actually really good. Part of my release was being directed to a rehab facility and a date to check in, and after I square away everything here now that I have my communications back, that's my next step.  I'm looking forward to it.
8ycty2,28,36,ADR,addicted,nicotine,nicotine,How many of you have become addicted? I'm just curious if anyone in this sub has actually become addicted to nicotine through juuling?
8ycd0n,5,13,ADR,Cravings,nicotine,nicotine,Weed Cravings/ dependency I know that there isn't a rule on how often you smoke, and if it contributes to dependency. But I recently went on vacation, and I've been here for about a week and haven't smoked weed or vaped. I am a nicotine fiend, and I definitely am feeling some withdrawals from that, but I also have huge cravings to smoke. I've only been smoking for a year, and I'd say I became a stoner last month when I'd smoke at least a few gs everyday. Does anyone else get bad cravings for weed too, or is this probably a result of me not smoking anything and weed is my substance of choice?
8ycd0n,15,25,ADR,dependency,nicotine,nicotine,Weed Cravings/ dependency I know that there isn't a rule on how often you smoke, and if it contributes to dependency. But I recently went on vacation, and I've been here for about a week and haven't smoked weed or vaped. I am a nicotine fiend, and I definitely am feeling some withdrawals from that, but I also have huge cravings to smoke. I've only been smoking for a year, and I'd say I became a stoner last month when I'd smoke at least a few gs everyday. Does anyone else get bad cravings for weed too, or is this probably a result of me not smoking anything and weed is my substance of choice?
8ycd0n,277,288,ADR,withdrawals,nicotine,nicotine,Weed Cravings/ dependency I know that there isn't a rule on how often you smoke, and if it contributes to dependency. But I recently went on vacation, and I've been here for about a week and haven't smoked weed or vaped. I am a nicotine fiend, and I definitely am feeling some withdrawals from that, but I also have huge cravings to smoke. I've only been smoking for a year, and I'd say I became a stoner last month when I'd smoke at least a few gs everyday. Does anyone else get bad cravings for weed too, or is this probably a result of me not smoking anything and weed is my substance of choice?
8zyb3t,2102,2111,ADR,depressed,prozac,prozac,Abusive exboyfriend fucking with my mental health rant I just need to get this out. It's been 17 days since I last talked to my ex. He's like an addiction to me. Quitting mxe was easy peasy compared to quitting this guy. He's physically beat me about 6 times and emotionally messed with me. He's threatened my life dozens of times and even threatened to hurt my family. Omg why do I STILL miss him???? Anyway, he always told me i should get off my prozac (I've been on meds since I was 12, bipolar, anxiety, depression, I'm kind of a handful) so I slowly started to ween off it. That was a year ago and since then I've gained 20 pounds, started cutting myself again, lost interest in everything I used to love, stopped talking to my family or checking in, the list goes on.  We then broke up and I changed my number and deleted his so I wouldn't be tempted to call him.  My self esteem was at an all time low. I felt like I hit rock bottom. I woke up, chugged gin, played video games and drank till I passed out. I finally got myself to the doctor last week and he had me go back to my normal dose of 60 instead of the 20 I was taking. I already feel so much better. It seems so obvious now but it was hard to see in the middle of the depression. I realize that not talking to my ex for 17 days and hearing his toxic crap, constantly putting me down, that's helping too. Seriously, I couldn't do anything right with this guy and it broke my heart to disappoint him. I'd spill coffee and he would yell at me for an hour about what a "fat townie loser" I was. And I really thought I deserved it when he hit me. I wasn't disciplined much as a kid so I thought he was good for me. Sort of putting me in my place. God why do I STILL miss him?? Anyway, moral of the story, listen to your doctor, not your asshole boyfriend. I know it seems like "duhhh" but when you're hooked on a dude and you grew up believing in "love conquers all" and "someday my prince will come" and you grow up watching your mom getting beaten it's a hard thing to avoid.  Tl;dr... Ex told me to get off meds so I did, then got super depressed. Broke up with him, got back on meds, already starting to sing in the shower again.
8zyb3t,2102,2111,ADR,depressed,prozac,prozac,Abusive exboyfriend fucking with my mental health rant I just need to get this out. It's been 17 days since I last talked to my ex. He's like an addiction to me. Quitting mxe was easy peasy compared to quitting this guy. He's physically beat me about 6 times and emotionally messed with me. He's threatened my life dozens of times and even threatened to hurt my family. Omg why do I STILL miss him???? Anyway, he always told me i should get off my prozac (I've been on meds since I was 12, bipolar, anxiety, depression, I'm kind of a handful) so I slowly started to ween off it. That was a year ago and since then I've gained 20 pounds, started cutting myself again, lost interest in everything I used to love, stopped talking to my family or checking in, the list goes on.  We then broke up and I changed my number and deleted his so I wouldn't be tempted to call him.  My self esteem was at an all time low. I felt like I hit rock bottom. I woke up, chugged gin, played video games and drank till I passed out. I finally got myself to the doctor last week and he had me go back to my normal dose of 60 instead of the 20 I was taking. I already feel so much better. It seems so obvious now but it was hard to see in the middle of the depression. I realize that not talking to my ex for 17 days and hearing his toxic crap, constantly putting me down, that's helping too. Seriously, I couldn't do anything right with this guy and it broke my heart to disappoint him. I'd spill coffee and he would yell at me for an hour about what a "fat townie loser" I was. And I really thought I deserved it when he hit me. I wasn't disciplined much as a kid so I thought he was good for me. Sort of putting me in my place. God why do I STILL miss him?? Anyway, moral of the story, listen to your doctor, not your asshole boyfriend. I know it seems like "duhhh" but when you're hooked on a dude and you grew up believing in "love conquers all" and "someday my prince will come" and you grow up watching your mom getting beaten it's a hard thing to avoid.  Tl;dr... Ex told me to get off meds so I did, then got super depressed. Broke up with him, got back on meds, already starting to sing in the shower again.
8zxocg,1272,1281,ADR,depressed,prozac,prozac,Is ADD medicine doing more than the Depression medicine? Tl;dr- Is it normal to be less gloomy with Adderall rather than Prozac? And is it safe to take both consistently?  This year has been a roller coaster. I've had to finally come to terms with both ADD and Depression, both of which I've known to run in my family but I've been denying for years.  I'm home after my second year of university and every day at home is a struggle. Most of that is from struggling to find a job, living in an extremely rural town, and starting to face these problems (admitting them to my mother and seeking professional help).  The ADD medicine (Adderall) had been extremely effective through college. I'd find myself being productive and the gloom would clear fairly reliably.  But I don't take that every day as I didn't think I needed it (especially once class ended). But that's when the depression became much more serious. My girlfriend's mother scheduled an appointment for me and called my own mother out of worry for me (bless her heart).  After an appointment with the doctor, I've been taking Depression medicine (Prozac). It doesn't seem to be nearly as effectively clearly the gloom. I have actually felt almost dumbed down, to the point of struggling to understand why I'm depressed (which must be the desired effect of the drug). Between that and incontinence, the Depression meds seem to have much less of a positive effect as the Adderall does.  Is this normal? Should I try to take one over the other? Is it ok to take both every day?  I have a follow-up appointment in a few days and the first appointment with a counselor (all but one in my area are fully booked).   Anyway, I'd appreciate some advice on how to proceed and what to tell the people looking out for me.  Thank you  PS: If you have inferred that the only way I'd ever be able to make this post is if I'd have taken the Adderall, you'd be correct. :(
8zxocg,1347,1359,ADR,incontinence,prozac,prozac,Is ADD medicine doing more than the Depression medicine? Tl;dr- Is it normal to be less gloomy with Adderall rather than Prozac? And is it safe to take both consistently?  This year has been a roller coaster. I've had to finally come to terms with both ADD and Depression, both of which I've known to run in my family but I've been denying for years.  I'm home after my second year of university and every day at home is a struggle. Most of that is from struggling to find a job, living in an extremely rural town, and starting to face these problems (admitting them to my mother and seeking professional help).  The ADD medicine (Adderall) had been extremely effective through college. I'd find myself being productive and the gloom would clear fairly reliably.  But I don't take that every day as I didn't think I needed it (especially once class ended). But that's when the depression became much more serious. My girlfriend's mother scheduled an appointment for me and called my own mother out of worry for me (bless her heart).  After an appointment with the doctor, I've been taking Depression medicine (Prozac). It doesn't seem to be nearly as effectively clearly the gloom. I have actually felt almost dumbed down, to the point of struggling to understand why I'm depressed (which must be the desired effect of the drug). Between that and incontinence, the Depression meds seem to have much less of a positive effect as the Adderall does.  Is this normal? Should I try to take one over the other? Is it ok to take both every day?  I have a follow-up appointment in a few days and the first appointment with a counselor (all but one in my area are fully booked).   Anyway, I'd appreciate some advice on how to proceed and what to tell the people looking out for me.  Thank you  PS: If you have inferred that the only way I'd ever be able to make this post is if I'd have taken the Adderall, you'd be correct. :(
8zxocg,1347,1359,ADR,incontinence,prozac,prozac,Is ADD medicine doing more than the Depression medicine? Tl;dr- Is it normal to be less gloomy with Adderall rather than Prozac? And is it safe to take both consistently?  This year has been a roller coaster. I've had to finally come to terms with both ADD and Depression, both of which I've known to run in my family but I've been denying for years.  I'm home after my second year of university and every day at home is a struggle. Most of that is from struggling to find a job, living in an extremely rural town, and starting to face these problems (admitting them to my mother and seeking professional help).  The ADD medicine (Adderall) had been extremely effective through college. I'd find myself being productive and the gloom would clear fairly reliably.  But I don't take that every day as I didn't think I needed it (especially once class ended). But that's when the depression became much more serious. My girlfriend's mother scheduled an appointment for me and called my own mother out of worry for me (bless her heart).  After an appointment with the doctor, I've been taking Depression medicine (Prozac). It doesn't seem to be nearly as effectively clearly the gloom. I have actually felt almost dumbed down, to the point of struggling to understand why I'm depressed (which must be the desired effect of the drug). Between that and incontinence, the Depression meds seem to have much less of a positive effect as the Adderall does.  Is this normal? Should I try to take one over the other? Is it ok to take both every day?  I have a follow-up appointment in a few days and the first appointment with a counselor (all but one in my area are fully booked).   Anyway, I'd appreciate some advice on how to proceed and what to tell the people looking out for me.  Thank you  PS: If you have inferred that the only way I'd ever be able to make this post is if I'd have taken the Adderall, you'd be correct. :(
8zxocg,1272,1281,ADR,depressed,prozac,prozac,Is ADD medicine doing more than the Depression medicine? Tl;dr- Is it normal to be less gloomy with Adderall rather than Prozac? And is it safe to take both consistently?  This year has been a roller coaster. I've had to finally come to terms with both ADD and Depression, both of which I've known to run in my family but I've been denying for years.  I'm home after my second year of university and every day at home is a struggle. Most of that is from struggling to find a job, living in an extremely rural town, and starting to face these problems (admitting them to my mother and seeking professional help).  The ADD medicine (Adderall) had been extremely effective through college. I'd find myself being productive and the gloom would clear fairly reliably.  But I don't take that every day as I didn't think I needed it (especially once class ended). But that's when the depression became much more serious. My girlfriend's mother scheduled an appointment for me and called my own mother out of worry for me (bless her heart).  After an appointment with the doctor, I've been taking Depression medicine (Prozac). It doesn't seem to be nearly as effectively clearly the gloom. I have actually felt almost dumbed down, to the point of struggling to understand why I'm depressed (which must be the desired effect of the drug). Between that and incontinence, the Depression meds seem to have much less of a positive effect as the Adderall does.  Is this normal? Should I try to take one over the other? Is it ok to take both every day?  I have a follow-up appointment in a few days and the first appointment with a counselor (all but one in my area are fully booked).   Anyway, I'd appreciate some advice on how to proceed and what to tell the people looking out for me.  Thank you  PS: If you have inferred that the only way I'd ever be able to make this post is if I'd have taken the Adderall, you'd be correct. :(
8zxmjm,280,296,ADR,killed my libido,prozac,prozac,Yaz increased sex drive normal? Hi everyone, I’m halfway through my second pack of yaz and I can’t help but noticed the drastic change in my sex drive. I’m 23, and I literally have not felt horny or any sexual feelings at all since I was like 17, I thought Prozac had permanently killed my libido completely. And I always wished I’d feel horny again. Well now I’m really greatful I can again but it’s kind of starting to get in the way:.. I’m constantly thinking about sex and fantasizing and wanting to masturbate, and it only seems to be increasing. Is this normal? Will it chill out or turn down a bit to a more normal libido once I’m through my 3rd pack? Sorry this is a weird post but I’m starting to wonder if I will have to change pills because it’s starting to be too much.
8zvowz,38,46,ADR,paranoid,prozac,prozac,CBD for sleep? Weed makes me terribly paranoid, tired of using alcohol to sleep. I've used a cocktail or 2 at bedtime to fall asleep for too long. Unisom/benedryl makes me feel terrible the next morning, and melatonin gives me nightmares and interrupted sleep. Marijuana, whether vaped, smoked or eaten, does nothing to me, then I get frighteningly paranoid. I first tried it 40 years ago, so I've had ample time to "adjust" to it. I take Prozac (serotonin is my friend), and have Tourette Syndrome. I don't medicate for TS (the treatment are worse then the symptoms), but it might account for my idiosyncratic reactions to psychoactives. I'm using an herbal sleep aid from the health food store ( [Source Naturals Nutrasleep](https://www.amazon.com/Source-Naturals-NutraSleep-Multi-Nutrient-Complex/dp/B00020I7M6?th=1) ), but it doesn't help as much as I'd hope. In my reading through these pages I'm wondering if indicans is probably best for me, and maybe some ashwagandha? I appreciate any insight or information, and TIA!
8zvowz,227,237,ADR,nightmares,prozac,prozac,CBD for sleep? Weed makes me terribly paranoid, tired of using alcohol to sleep. I've used a cocktail or 2 at bedtime to fall asleep for too long. Unisom/benedryl makes me feel terrible the next morning, and melatonin gives me nightmares and interrupted sleep. Marijuana, whether vaped, smoked or eaten, does nothing to me, then I get frighteningly paranoid. I first tried it 40 years ago, so I've had ample time to "adjust" to it. I take Prozac (serotonin is my friend), and have Tourette Syndrome. I don't medicate for TS (the treatment are worse then the symptoms), but it might account for my idiosyncratic reactions to psychoactives. I'm using an herbal sleep aid from the health food store ( [Source Naturals Nutrasleep](https://www.amazon.com/Source-Naturals-NutraSleep-Multi-Nutrient-Complex/dp/B00020I7M6?th=1) ), but it doesn't help as much as I'd hope. In my reading through these pages I'm wondering if indicans is probably best for me, and maybe some ashwagandha? I appreciate any insight or information, and TIA!
8zvowz,242,259,ADR,interrupted sleep,prozac,prozac,CBD for sleep? Weed makes me terribly paranoid, tired of using alcohol to sleep. I've used a cocktail or 2 at bedtime to fall asleep for too long. Unisom/benedryl makes me feel terrible the next morning, and melatonin gives me nightmares and interrupted sleep. Marijuana, whether vaped, smoked or eaten, does nothing to me, then I get frighteningly paranoid. I first tried it 40 years ago, so I've had ample time to "adjust" to it. I take Prozac (serotonin is my friend), and have Tourette Syndrome. I don't medicate for TS (the treatment are worse then the symptoms), but it might account for my idiosyncratic reactions to psychoactives. I'm using an herbal sleep aid from the health food store ( [Source Naturals Nutrasleep](https://www.amazon.com/Source-Naturals-NutraSleep-Multi-Nutrient-Complex/dp/B00020I7M6?th=1) ), but it doesn't help as much as I'd hope. In my reading through these pages I'm wondering if indicans is probably best for me, and maybe some ashwagandha? I appreciate any insight or information, and TIA!
8zvowz,38,46,ADR,paranoid,prozac,prozac,CBD for sleep? Weed makes me terribly paranoid, tired of using alcohol to sleep. I've used a cocktail or 2 at bedtime to fall asleep for too long. Unisom/benedryl makes me feel terrible the next morning, and melatonin gives me nightmares and interrupted sleep. Marijuana, whether vaped, smoked or eaten, does nothing to me, then I get frighteningly paranoid. I first tried it 40 years ago, so I've had ample time to "adjust" to it. I take Prozac (serotonin is my friend), and have Tourette Syndrome. I don't medicate for TS (the treatment are worse then the symptoms), but it might account for my idiosyncratic reactions to psychoactives. I'm using an herbal sleep aid from the health food store ( [Source Naturals Nutrasleep](https://www.amazon.com/Source-Naturals-NutraSleep-Multi-Nutrient-Complex/dp/B00020I7M6?th=1) ), but it doesn't help as much as I'd hope. In my reading through these pages I'm wondering if indicans is probably best for me, and maybe some ashwagandha? I appreciate any insight or information, and TIA!
8zuxot,722,736,ADR,commit suicide,prozac,prozac,I'm supposed to start Prozac 10mg today and I'm terrified. I have really bad panic disorder and depression as a result of that. I've been working through it naturally for years upon years now but it got to a point where I was hospitalized for 3 days in March. They put me on remeron, abilify and klonopin and released me. The remeron was legitimately hell and I had to stop it immediately. I can't even explain the 36 hours of hell I experienced on that crap.   Now fast forward to current day, I've been seeing a cognitive therapist for a month and a half, met with the psychiatrist at the same office and she wants me on Prozac+ Klonopin as needed. I'm seriously terrified. I've had people very close to me that I loved commit suicide while on medication like this. I've read countless horror stories about this stuff and things like big pharma pushing these pills and releasing fake studies, etc.   I'm not sure what to think. All my close friends think I should do it and stick to it but I'm scared shitless. The Klonopin works when I feel a panic attack coming on. I almost want to just work through this naturally. :(
8zt662,482,498,ADR,painful headache,prozac,prozac,I wish I was asleep instead of stressing about work. So I’m venting! Hi everyone. I started Prozac about a month and a bit ago. My doctor increased my dose right before I went back to work a week ago (was on medical leave for a few weeks).   I worked one shift last week and during the shift I assisted some people to get a large person off the floor. No big deal. The shift was average and I went home happy. Then this past weekend was my boyfriends brothers wedding! Aside from a painful headache, it was a good day. I was feeling anxious, but it was so nice to be a part of.  So 3 days after my shift, 1 day after the wedding, I get this really intense pain in my side. Can’t get comfortable at all in bed trying to sleep. Eventually I did sleep, but I woke up an hour later in terrible pain. I looked up muscle groups to try to visualize where it was coming from and suddenly I went into a full on panic attack. I woke up my boyfriend and we drove to the ER. When I was finally seen the doctor said I strained a muscle, gave me meds, and sent me on my way. We were there from 3am-7am.   I was supposed to work that day. I called my manager and told her I wouldn’t be in, and that I thought I hurt myself at work because of the guy who fell. I hadn’t even slept at that point. Now its been a few days and the more I think of it, the less I believe it was work that caused the strain. Why didn’t I have ANY symptoms until 3 days later? They sent me 20 pages of forms for hurt at work injuries and the “what happened” sections are just stressing me out because I feel like I shouldn’t bother filling them out because I genuinely have no clue whether it WAS a work injury. I just feel guilty and overwhelmed.   I really just want to go back to work. We’re understaffed as it is and I don’t want to cause any more issues. I have an appointment with my family doctor on Thursday and a chiropractor tomorrow. Hoping someone can help me figure out this mess.
8zt662,533,540,ADR,anxious,prozac,prozac,I wish I was asleep instead of stressing about work. So I’m venting! Hi everyone. I started Prozac about a month and a bit ago. My doctor increased my dose right before I went back to work a week ago (was on medical leave for a few weeks).   I worked one shift last week and during the shift I assisted some people to get a large person off the floor. No big deal. The shift was average and I went home happy. Then this past weekend was my boyfriends brothers wedding! Aside from a painful headache, it was a good day. I was feeling anxious, but it was so nice to be a part of.  So 3 days after my shift, 1 day after the wedding, I get this really intense pain in my side. Can’t get comfortable at all in bed trying to sleep. Eventually I did sleep, but I woke up an hour later in terrible pain. I looked up muscle groups to try to visualize where it was coming from and suddenly I went into a full on panic attack. I woke up my boyfriend and we drove to the ER. When I was finally seen the doctor said I strained a muscle, gave me meds, and sent me on my way. We were there from 3am-7am.   I was supposed to work that day. I called my manager and told her I wouldn’t be in, and that I thought I hurt myself at work because of the guy who fell. I hadn’t even slept at that point. Now its been a few days and the more I think of it, the less I believe it was work that caused the strain. Why didn’t I have ANY symptoms until 3 days later? They sent me 20 pages of forms for hurt at work injuries and the “what happened” sections are just stressing me out because I feel like I shouldn’t bother filling them out because I genuinely have no clue whether it WAS a work injury. I just feel guilty and overwhelmed.   I really just want to go back to work. We’re understaffed as it is and I don’t want to cause any more issues. I have an appointment with my family doctor on Thursday and a chiropractor tomorrow. Hoping someone can help me figure out this mess.
8zt662,781,794,ADR,terrible pain,prozac,prozac,I wish I was asleep instead of stressing about work. So I’m venting! Hi everyone. I started Prozac about a month and a bit ago. My doctor increased my dose right before I went back to work a week ago (was on medical leave for a few weeks).   I worked one shift last week and during the shift I assisted some people to get a large person off the floor. No big deal. The shift was average and I went home happy. Then this past weekend was my boyfriends brothers wedding! Aside from a painful headache, it was a good day. I was feeling anxious, but it was so nice to be a part of.  So 3 days after my shift, 1 day after the wedding, I get this really intense pain in my side. Can’t get comfortable at all in bed trying to sleep. Eventually I did sleep, but I woke up an hour later in terrible pain. I looked up muscle groups to try to visualize where it was coming from and suddenly I went into a full on panic attack. I woke up my boyfriend and we drove to the ER. When I was finally seen the doctor said I strained a muscle, gave me meds, and sent me on my way. We were there from 3am-7am.   I was supposed to work that day. I called my manager and told her I wouldn’t be in, and that I thought I hurt myself at work because of the guy who fell. I hadn’t even slept at that point. Now its been a few days and the more I think of it, the less I believe it was work that caused the strain. Why didn’t I have ANY symptoms until 3 days later? They sent me 20 pages of forms for hurt at work injuries and the “what happened” sections are just stressing me out because I feel like I shouldn’t bother filling them out because I genuinely have no clue whether it WAS a work injury. I just feel guilty and overwhelmed.   I really just want to go back to work. We’re understaffed as it is and I don’t want to cause any more issues. I have an appointment with my family doctor on Thursday and a chiropractor tomorrow. Hoping someone can help me figure out this mess.
8zt662,902,914,ADR,panic attack,prozac,prozac,I wish I was asleep instead of stressing about work. So I’m venting! Hi everyone. I started Prozac about a month and a bit ago. My doctor increased my dose right before I went back to work a week ago (was on medical leave for a few weeks).   I worked one shift last week and during the shift I assisted some people to get a large person off the floor. No big deal. The shift was average and I went home happy. Then this past weekend was my boyfriends brothers wedding! Aside from a painful headache, it was a good day. I was feeling anxious, but it was so nice to be a part of.  So 3 days after my shift, 1 day after the wedding, I get this really intense pain in my side. Can’t get comfortable at all in bed trying to sleep. Eventually I did sleep, but I woke up an hour later in terrible pain. I looked up muscle groups to try to visualize where it was coming from and suddenly I went into a full on panic attack. I woke up my boyfriend and we drove to the ER. When I was finally seen the doctor said I strained a muscle, gave me meds, and sent me on my way. We were there from 3am-7am.   I was supposed to work that day. I called my manager and told her I wouldn’t be in, and that I thought I hurt myself at work because of the guy who fell. I hadn’t even slept at that point. Now its been a few days and the more I think of it, the less I believe it was work that caused the strain. Why didn’t I have ANY symptoms until 3 days later? They sent me 20 pages of forms for hurt at work injuries and the “what happened” sections are just stressing me out because I feel like I shouldn’t bother filling them out because I genuinely have no clue whether it WAS a work injury. I just feel guilty and overwhelmed.   I really just want to go back to work. We’re understaffed as it is and I don’t want to cause any more issues. I have an appointment with my family doctor on Thursday and a chiropractor tomorrow. Hoping someone can help me figure out this mess.
8zt202,1115,1126,ADR,numb me out,prozac,prozac,I genuinely feel like I could be bipolar I was diagnosed with bulimia/depression but I have these periods where I'm fine/motivated/happy with myself in school and overall how I feel about my future. Of course I still have this underlying nagging depression about my self image but doesn't everyone have that? During the bad times I want to cut my skin off, break mirrors and even refuse to look in them. "Good" times I just have a "meh, could be worse" but I only cry about how I look is during bad times. It didn't really start getting terrible until this year (2017/2018). I was bulimic/anorexic a while back but never did I get so pissed at myself for being so fat and ugly I cried after I ate. I can't explain how I hate myself more now that I'm "recovered" - I'm not even going through episodes of purging and restricting: sure I think about it, sure I want to do it but there's just something else that's giving me such anxiety to the point where I fucking hate myself when I didn't back then.    Told and ex doctor about this - I was prescribed Prozac : mainly for the bulimia. That didn't do anything  but  numb me out and make me feel unmotivated. I had a "what the fuck is the point" attitude.  People in my family have also noticed the agitation and hypomanic symptoms in me (but no episodes)    Then out of nowhere BOOM it gets bad- I restrict and purge again, I feel worthless, i feel like I'll amount to nothing (where I'm at now, I feel too stupid for university, I feel like I'm not good enough for university and of course I'm at the point where I just straight up hate myself. I look in the mirror and want to die)   I've always always always had a low self esteem but I don't know if the bulimia increases the "depression" or if out of nowhere my 'bipolar' just says "HERE WE GO DEPRESSION IN MAXIMUM OVERDRIVE" It slowly builds up then I get mad at my body and that's when the bulimia comes idk. It feels like it hits me out of nowhere like a ton of bricks but it's not like I don't notice it nagging at me.    I never had any episodes but bipolar runs in my family (brother has it, aunt has it, grandma has it and my other grandma has bipolar and schizophrenia. I'm also 20 and I heard your first episode shows up then??)   So I'm not really sure, I'm  99.9% you have to have a episode before you can be diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Can anyone help me out or give me advice?
8zt202,1139,1155,ADR,feel unmotivated,prozac,prozac,I genuinely feel like I could be bipolar I was diagnosed with bulimia/depression but I have these periods where I'm fine/motivated/happy with myself in school and overall how I feel about my future. Of course I still have this underlying nagging depression about my self image but doesn't everyone have that? During the bad times I want to cut my skin off, break mirrors and even refuse to look in them. "Good" times I just have a "meh, could be worse" but I only cry about how I look is during bad times. It didn't really start getting terrible until this year (2017/2018). I was bulimic/anorexic a while back but never did I get so pissed at myself for being so fat and ugly I cried after I ate. I can't explain how I hate myself more now that I'm "recovered" - I'm not even going through episodes of purging and restricting: sure I think about it, sure I want to do it but there's just something else that's giving me such anxiety to the point where I fucking hate myself when I didn't back then.    Told and ex doctor about this - I was prescribed Prozac : mainly for the bulimia. That didn't do anything  but  numb me out and make me feel unmotivated. I had a "what the fuck is the point" attitude.  People in my family have also noticed the agitation and hypomanic symptoms in me (but no episodes)    Then out of nowhere BOOM it gets bad- I restrict and purge again, I feel worthless, i feel like I'll amount to nothing (where I'm at now, I feel too stupid for university, I feel like I'm not good enough for university and of course I'm at the point where I just straight up hate myself. I look in the mirror and want to die)   I've always always always had a low self esteem but I don't know if the bulimia increases the "depression" or if out of nowhere my 'bipolar' just says "HERE WE GO DEPRESSION IN MAXIMUM OVERDRIVE" It slowly builds up then I get mad at my body and that's when the bulimia comes idk. It feels like it hits me out of nowhere like a ton of bricks but it's not like I don't notice it nagging at me.    I never had any episodes but bipolar runs in my family (brother has it, aunt has it, grandma has it and my other grandma has bipolar and schizophrenia. I'm also 20 and I heard your first episode shows up then??)   So I'm not really sure, I'm  99.9% you have to have a episode before you can be diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Can anyone help me out or give me advice?
8zt202,1247,1256,ADR,agitation,prozac,prozac,I genuinely feel like I could be bipolar I was diagnosed with bulimia/depression but I have these periods where I'm fine/motivated/happy with myself in school and overall how I feel about my future. Of course I still have this underlying nagging depression about my self image but doesn't everyone have that? During the bad times I want to cut my skin off, break mirrors and even refuse to look in them. "Good" times I just have a "meh, could be worse" but I only cry about how I look is during bad times. It didn't really start getting terrible until this year (2017/2018). I was bulimic/anorexic a while back but never did I get so pissed at myself for being so fat and ugly I cried after I ate. I can't explain how I hate myself more now that I'm "recovered" - I'm not even going through episodes of purging and restricting: sure I think about it, sure I want to do it but there's just something else that's giving me such anxiety to the point where I fucking hate myself when I didn't back then.    Told and ex doctor about this - I was prescribed Prozac : mainly for the bulimia. That didn't do anything  but  numb me out and make me feel unmotivated. I had a "what the fuck is the point" attitude.  People in my family have also noticed the agitation and hypomanic symptoms in me (but no episodes)    Then out of nowhere BOOM it gets bad- I restrict and purge again, I feel worthless, i feel like I'll amount to nothing (where I'm at now, I feel too stupid for university, I feel like I'm not good enough for university and of course I'm at the point where I just straight up hate myself. I look in the mirror and want to die)   I've always always always had a low self esteem but I don't know if the bulimia increases the "depression" or if out of nowhere my 'bipolar' just says "HERE WE GO DEPRESSION IN MAXIMUM OVERDRIVE" It slowly builds up then I get mad at my body and that's when the bulimia comes idk. It feels like it hits me out of nowhere like a ton of bricks but it's not like I don't notice it nagging at me.    I never had any episodes but bipolar runs in my family (brother has it, aunt has it, grandma has it and my other grandma has bipolar and schizophrenia. I'm also 20 and I heard your first episode shows up then??)   So I'm not really sure, I'm  99.9% you have to have a episode before you can be diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Can anyone help me out or give me advice?
8zt202,1261,1279,ADR,hypomanic symptoms,prozac,prozac,I genuinely feel like I could be bipolar I was diagnosed with bulimia/depression but I have these periods where I'm fine/motivated/happy with myself in school and overall how I feel about my future. Of course I still have this underlying nagging depression about my self image but doesn't everyone have that? During the bad times I want to cut my skin off, break mirrors and even refuse to look in them. "Good" times I just have a "meh, could be worse" but I only cry about how I look is during bad times. It didn't really start getting terrible until this year (2017/2018). I was bulimic/anorexic a while back but never did I get so pissed at myself for being so fat and ugly I cried after I ate. I can't explain how I hate myself more now that I'm "recovered" - I'm not even going through episodes of purging and restricting: sure I think about it, sure I want to do it but there's just something else that's giving me such anxiety to the point where I fucking hate myself when I didn't back then.    Told and ex doctor about this - I was prescribed Prozac : mainly for the bulimia. That didn't do anything  but  numb me out and make me feel unmotivated. I had a "what the fuck is the point" attitude.  People in my family have also noticed the agitation and hypomanic symptoms in me (but no episodes)    Then out of nowhere BOOM it gets bad- I restrict and purge again, I feel worthless, i feel like I'll amount to nothing (where I'm at now, I feel too stupid for university, I feel like I'm not good enough for university and of course I'm at the point where I just straight up hate myself. I look in the mirror and want to die)   I've always always always had a low self esteem but I don't know if the bulimia increases the "depression" or if out of nowhere my 'bipolar' just says "HERE WE GO DEPRESSION IN MAXIMUM OVERDRIVE" It slowly builds up then I get mad at my body and that's when the bulimia comes idk. It feels like it hits me out of nowhere like a ton of bricks but it's not like I don't notice it nagging at me.    I never had any episodes but bipolar runs in my family (brother has it, aunt has it, grandma has it and my other grandma has bipolar and schizophrenia. I'm also 20 and I heard your first episode shows up then??)   So I'm not really sure, I'm  99.9% you have to have a episode before you can be diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Can anyone help me out or give me advice?
8zqaa7,71,80,ADR,hypomanic,prozac,prozac,Hypomania hobbies I was wondering what other people do as hobbies when hypomanic or manic.   When I strarted Prozac again after a year break, I went straight into hypomanic and that's my new baseline. I'm ok with this :)   I started cooking again. It's been wonderful to have both the drive and creativity to go to the farmers market, then the grocery store, then go home &amp; prep so I can spend almost the entire next day reinventing my favorite recipes like I'm on a Food Network game show.  What hobbies feed your hypomanic soul?
8znmtt,45,58,ADR,gained 15 lbs,prozac,prozac,Being put on Welbutrin So i am on Prozac and gained 15 lbs and i have no room to gain any weight after having a baby and then gaining this weight on top of it but it made me completely miserable and i just craved carbs. Called the doctor told him i am completely miserable and just so tired of gaining weight....im hoping Welbutrin will help with this...I’ve never had this issue before...
8znmtt,185,194,ADR,miserable,prozac,prozac,Being put on Welbutrin So i am on Prozac and gained 15 lbs and i have no room to gain any weight after having a baby and then gaining this weight on top of it but it made me completely miserable and i just craved carbs. Called the doctor told him i am completely miserable and just so tired of gaining weight....im hoping Welbutrin will help with this...I’ve never had this issue before...
8znmtt,206,212,ADR,craved,prozac,prozac,Being put on Welbutrin So i am on Prozac and gained 15 lbs and i have no room to gain any weight after having a baby and then gaining this weight on top of it but it made me completely miserable and i just craved carbs. Called the doctor told him i am completely miserable and just so tired of gaining weight....im hoping Welbutrin will help with this...I’ve never had this issue before...
8zls6c,274,296,ADR,nocturnal panic attack,prozac,prozac,Nocturnal Panic Attacks My anxiety began ramping up 2 months ago, but I never had major difficulty getting to sleep, and never experienced sleep disruption. Last Monday, my doctor put me on Prozac, which I took at night and it woke me up shortly after falling asleep with a nocturnal panic attack. The following 4 days, I either didn't sleep, or woke up shortly after with panic.     I stopped the medicine 4 days ago, but still have nocturnal panic attacks, though they're not as bad as when on the Prozac. Does anyone else experience these? How do you get over them?
8zh5l1,792,800,ADR,confused,prozac,prozac,Diagnosis Is it weird that I’m researching somewhat about possible mental illnesses I have so I can bring it up with my psychiatrist/therapist? I’m not looking to self diagnose (such a bad idea, haha) but I’m starting to notice more things about my mental health that sound like they could be part of bipolar or a personality disorder, and I don’t want to seem like I’m lying or trying to get attention. I’ve been going to therapy for depression, anxiety, and recently I was diagnosed with severe/clinical depression and PTSD from childhood trauma. Nothing seems to be working. When my depression got worse, I was totally numb, and now that I’m on Prozac, my moods are back but they’re very unstable. My thoughts change so quickly and I have energy but at the same time I’m tired. I’m really confused and I just wanted to see what y’all think.
8zcd44,59,68,ADR,hypomanic,prozac,prozac,Abilify and vivid (NC-17) dreams. Prozac makes my baseline hypomanic - which is kinda awesome 'cause I can channel that into productiveness.   Prozac also killed my sex drive, which is fine in my current situation.  My psych started me on Ability to see if it would help balance out my hypomania. I've been having vivid dreams since I started on the med, and they have been pretty sexually explicit. Sex drive is starting to pick up again too.   Anyone else had this, and are these likely permanent side effects?
8zcd44,155,174,ADR,killed my sex drive,prozac,prozac,Abilify and vivid (NC-17) dreams. Prozac makes my baseline hypomanic - which is kinda awesome 'cause I can channel that into productiveness.   Prozac also killed my sex drive, which is fine in my current situation.  My psych started me on Ability to see if it would help balance out my hypomania. I've been having vivid dreams since I started on the med, and they have been pretty sexually explicit. Sex drive is starting to pick up again too.   Anyone else had this, and are these likely permanent side effects?
8zc78t,14,22,ADR,blotches,prozac,prozac,Red and white blotches on inside of hands. 30 y/o Caucasian male, 58 inches 195 lbs  I vape quite a bit. Maybe 20-30 ml of juice a day.  I rarely drink.   I've had these blotches on the inside of my hands for close to 3 years. Thats at least when I noticed them.  They seem to be darker sometimes seemingly at random.   Other medical conditions are hodgekins lymphoma stage 1a in remission for 5 years  I suffered an ankle injury in the army which led to an ankle fusion     I have general anxiety disorder, panic attacks, and considerable health anxiety.   I just got off Prozac a month ago so I take 5-htp every 2 days or so to help with brain zaps. I take 5 grams of kratom twice a week for pain.  I also use cbd oil to help with sleep and anxiety. Occasional use of Motrin and Tylenol.   Any help will be appreciated.
8zbd95,425,433,ADR,seizures,prozac,prozac,Starting new med tomorrow.... nervous Small background  Diagnosis: Bi-Polar ll and OCD   Meds: Lithium 900mg, Clomipramine 150mg, Clonidine 0.01mg  Stopped taking 3 weeks ago: Prozac 60mg  New Med start taking tomorrow: Wellbutrin XL 150mg  I have read some really good things about Wellbutrin which has me excited but I have also read somethings that really have me on edge. First being this medicine has been know to cause seizures (I know at a much higher dose, but still) and also I have read this medicine can give you a major kick of energy. This makes me nervous cause I am generally a quiet, stays to myself person and extra energy to call attention to me and I don't want that. Also I am just nervous about the general side effects has anyone taken Wellbutrin or is and had any positive/negative experiences?
8z829i,0,10,ADR,Nightmares,prozac,prozac,Nightmares leading to Manic state I took an amazing 5 day vacation. It was nice to clear my head and relax a bit. The next 2-3 days after I got back I was having 1-3 nightmares a night. Incredibly detailed and was even able to fall asleep and wake up within my dreams. Medication includes Prozac and trileptal. The nightmares consisted of me having terrible mental breakdowns and being paralyzed against them taking over me. Others include home robberies and gun fights to my death.  The nightmares have stopped now and the girlfriend and I think I slid into my ocd, “I’m fine now”, productive, mind-racing manic state.  Has this happened to any of you? Thanks for hearing me out ✌️
8z829i,22,33,ADR,Manic state,prozac,prozac,Nightmares leading to Manic state I took an amazing 5 day vacation. It was nice to clear my head and relax a bit. The next 2-3 days after I got back I was having 1-3 nightmares a night. Incredibly detailed and was even able to fall asleep and wake up within my dreams. Medication includes Prozac and trileptal. The nightmares consisted of me having terrible mental breakdowns and being paralyzed against them taking over me. Others include home robberies and gun fights to my death.  The nightmares have stopped now and the girlfriend and I think I slid into my ocd, “I’m fine now”, productive, mind-racing manic state.  Has this happened to any of you? Thanks for hearing me out ✌️
8z81n9,247,256,ADR,depressed,prozac,prozac,Prozac experiences? I am looking for some advice before I speak to my doctor. I was on 40mg of Prozac and 300mg of Wellbutrin daily, and was still struggling a bit. My doctor upped my Prozac to 60mg a day about two weeks ago and I’m suddenly more depressed than I’ve been in a very long time. I wouldn’t say suicidal exactly, but the thoughts won’t get out of my head. Is this common with a dosage increase? Is it something I should wait out? Any advice is helpful
8z81n9,308,316,ADR,suicidal,prozac,prozac,Prozac experiences? I am looking for some advice before I speak to my doctor. I was on 40mg of Prozac and 300mg of Wellbutrin daily, and was still struggling a bit. My doctor upped my Prozac to 60mg a day about two weeks ago and I’m suddenly more depressed than I’ve been in a very long time. I wouldn’t say suicidal exactly, but the thoughts won’t get out of my head. Is this common with a dosage increase? Is it something I should wait out? Any advice is helpful
8z6ket,962,972,ADR,drowsiness,prozac,prozac,Can't Keep Awake: Help Please This is my first Reddit post ever, because I am so desperate. So I've been incredibly tired since high school. I always thought this was normal since I have anxiety disorder and that causes sleepiness, but we checked twice for anemia and thyroid problems just in case and those came up clean. Later in college, I had the same tests. And cue now, 8 years into this, my psych doctors say that my anxiety and the medication I'm on for it, should not be making me NEARLY as tired as I am.   I had a sleep study and it turned out clean for sleep disorders, though they confirmed I have a low sleep latency and sleep way too much (got a full night and 5/5 naps). They want to bounce me back to the anxiety folks, but I'm not sure this time. My psych doctors and I worked to change my meds before this sleep study to ones that shouldn't make me drowsy and that did nothing at all to help after 3 different switches. I'm still on one where drowsiness is a factor, but the amount I sleep is pretty wild even for the side effects of Prozac. I'm at my wits end.  This weekend, I slept 10+ hours overnight Friday to Saturday. Woke up at 11pm and then fell back asleep at 3pm for what was supposed to be a 1 hour nap. Woke up again at 6:30PM and felt drowsy again by eight, but forced myself to keep awake until midnight to be awake more than 6 hours that day. Then today, woke up at 9:30AM (so 9 hours) and had three cups of caffeinated tea to skip a nap. I've still almost fallen asleep or wanted to sleep most of the day. No matter how much sleep I get, this always happens. I'm rarely ever awake unless heavily caffeinated. And even then I can nap at any moment. I've almost fallen asleep standing up at work twice, and sitting down so many times I've lost count.  I have another physical this week just to triple check iron and thyroid, but knowing my past history they're going to come out clean and probably bounce me back to psych. I have depression and anxiety, but they've been super well managed for the last two months (and most of this 8 year period), so the tiredness is the only symptom that really remains. Is there any other avenues I should look down, or should I accept blaming it on my psych disorders, even though my psych doctors think it's not the case. I should also note, I was born with anxiety disorder and on the same anxiety meds since middle school and I didn't have this sleep problem until high school.   TLDR: Excessive sleeping problems are being blamed on my psych issues, but psych doctors disagree. Is there anything else it could be?
8z65tq,238,256,ADR,intrusive thoughts,prozac,prozac,depression is hitting me hard today nervous to make this post bc i’ve never posted on here before but I need to vent really bad i feel like i have no worth whatsoever today. i’m on Prozac but honestly don’t feel a difference, I still get intrusive thoughts about how worthless I am and how useless my existence is, I don’t even have friends anymore. everyone i once knew was so much more talented and wonderful in every way than me and after i tried to commit suicide they all pushed me away probably because im so much of a burden with my mental illness. i don’t even feel worthy of human interaction at this point. a waste of space. i wish i could give someone more worthy of existing my life at this point, i have nothing to offer. i really feel strange posting on this board for some reason because i only really lurk reddit, but i’m at least glad there’s a subreddit like this where people with depression can vent. i definitely needed to today. i hope this post even makes sense if anyone chooses to read it, i feel like i can barely even manage to piece together coherent thoughts
8z65tq,444,467,ADR,tried to commit suicide,prozac,prozac,depression is hitting me hard today nervous to make this post bc i’ve never posted on here before but I need to vent really bad i feel like i have no worth whatsoever today. i’m on Prozac but honestly don’t feel a difference, I still get intrusive thoughts about how worthless I am and how useless my existence is, I don’t even have friends anymore. everyone i once knew was so much more talented and wonderful in every way than me and after i tried to commit suicide they all pushed me away probably because im so much of a burden with my mental illness. i don’t even feel worthy of human interaction at this point. a waste of space. i wish i could give someone more worthy of existing my life at this point, i have nothing to offer. i really feel strange posting on this board for some reason because i only really lurk reddit, but i’m at least glad there’s a subreddit like this where people with depression can vent. i definitely needed to today. i hope this post even makes sense if anyone chooses to read it, i feel like i can barely even manage to piece together coherent thoughts
8z51sa,9,24,ADR,sweat profusely,prozac,prozac,Why do I sweat profusely whenever I vacuum even a tiny bit? 24 Caucasian female 5'1 105lbs definitely not out of shape  I vacuumed half my room HALF! And I stopped half an hour ago and I haven't stopped sweating profusely. I don't understand. This happens every time and then I get constipated from lack of water in my body from all the sweating.   I took all my clothes off and I'm dripping in sweat.   I have IBS. I take mirolax and 20 of Prozac for anxiety and depression.   I don't know what else to say but I'm just confused and sweaty
8z51sa,282,293,ADR,constipated,prozac,prozac,Why do I sweat profusely whenever I vacuum even a tiny bit? 24 Caucasian female 5'1 105lbs definitely not out of shape  I vacuumed half my room HALF! And I stopped half an hour ago and I haven't stopped sweating profusely. I don't understand. This happens every time and then I get constipated from lack of water in my body from all the sweating.   I took all my clothes off and I'm dripping in sweat.   I have IBS. I take mirolax and 20 of Prozac for anxiety and depression.   I don't know what else to say but I'm just confused and sweaty
8z4gs1,332,343,ADR,numb stupor,prozac,prozac,Will antidepressants help me stop drinking? I read somewhere that Prozac helps you stop drinking. At least curbs your appetite. I'm a biweekly drinker. Sometimes monthly. When I drink I binge to black out. Then I cool off for the next few weeks, gain my composure, and eventually repeat. Will antidepressants put me in some kind of numb stupor where I can pass on a drink? I thin I'm expecting too much. What were your experiences
8ynlnt,147,155,ADR,nauseous,prozac,prozac,Prozac side effects question I was just titrated up to 20mgs from 10mgs of Prozac. I’ve only been taking 20mgs for two days but holy shit.  I’m so nauseous and I’m having stomach problems and I’m having hot flashes/sweating/am achy. I can barely eat. I could barely sleep last night from tossing, then I slept around 10 hours.   The thing is, I’ve taken Prozac at 20mgs before. And I don’t remember this happening. Anyway, is it normal? Do I go back to 10mgs? I missed my first counseling appt because of this. I feel awful right now
8ynlnt,171,187,ADR,stomach problems,prozac,prozac,Prozac side effects question I was just titrated up to 20mgs from 10mgs of Prozac. I’ve only been taking 20mgs for two days but holy shit.  I’m so nauseous and I’m having stomach problems and I’m having hot flashes/sweating/am achy. I can barely eat. I could barely sleep last night from tossing, then I slept around 10 hours.   The thing is, I’ve taken Prozac at 20mgs before. And I don’t remember this happening. Anyway, is it normal? Do I go back to 10mgs? I missed my first counseling appt because of this. I feel awful right now
8ynlnt,203,214,ADR,hot flashes,prozac,prozac,Prozac side effects question I was just titrated up to 20mgs from 10mgs of Prozac. I’ve only been taking 20mgs for two days but holy shit.  I’m so nauseous and I’m having stomach problems and I’m having hot flashes/sweating/am achy. I can barely eat. I could barely sleep last night from tossing, then I slept around 10 hours.   The thing is, I’ve taken Prozac at 20mgs before. And I don’t remember this happening. Anyway, is it normal? Do I go back to 10mgs? I missed my first counseling appt because of this. I feel awful right now
8ynlnt,215,223,ADR,sweating,prozac,prozac,Prozac side effects question I was just titrated up to 20mgs from 10mgs of Prozac. I’ve only been taking 20mgs for two days but holy shit.  I’m so nauseous and I’m having stomach problems and I’m having hot flashes/sweating/am achy. I can barely eat. I could barely sleep last night from tossing, then I slept around 10 hours.   The thing is, I’ve taken Prozac at 20mgs before. And I don’t remember this happening. Anyway, is it normal? Do I go back to 10mgs? I missed my first counseling appt because of this. I feel awful right now
8ynlnt,227,231,ADR,achy,prozac,prozac,Prozac side effects question I was just titrated up to 20mgs from 10mgs of Prozac. I’ve only been taking 20mgs for two days but holy shit.  I’m so nauseous and I’m having stomach problems and I’m having hot flashes/sweating/am achy. I can barely eat. I could barely sleep last night from tossing, then I slept around 10 hours.   The thing is, I’ve taken Prozac at 20mgs before. And I don’t remember this happening. Anyway, is it normal? Do I go back to 10mgs? I missed my first counseling appt because of this. I feel awful right now
8ynf3l,18,30,ADR,panic attack,prozac,prozac,Just had my first panic attack and I think I stopped it before it got worse. At first it felt as if my mind was shutting off and I was losing control of it, then instantly adrenaline rushed through my body and my heart felt like it was beating 130 bpm. I was shaking and sweating a lot. I couldn’t focus on anything and I thought I was dying. I almost called the ambulance until I realized I was having a panic attack. I sat down and closed my eyes and started to slow my breathing. In about a minute, I came back to feeling semi normal. I have a stomach ache right now and feel really exhausted. I started taking Prozac 2 days ago, and the panic attack happened about 2 hours of taking it.  Is this going to keep happening? and if it does what can I do to prevent it, or at least make it more manageable.
8ynf3l,259,266,ADR,shaking,prozac,prozac,Just had my first panic attack and I think I stopped it before it got worse. At first it felt as if my mind was shutting off and I was losing control of it, then instantly adrenaline rushed through my body and my heart felt like it was beating 130 bpm. I was shaking and sweating a lot. I couldn’t focus on anything and I thought I was dying. I almost called the ambulance until I realized I was having a panic attack. I sat down and closed my eyes and started to slow my breathing. In about a minute, I came back to feeling semi normal. I have a stomach ache right now and feel really exhausted. I started taking Prozac 2 days ago, and the panic attack happened about 2 hours of taking it.  Is this going to keep happening? and if it does what can I do to prevent it, or at least make it more manageable.
8ynf3l,271,279,ADR,sweating,prozac,prozac,Just had my first panic attack and I think I stopped it before it got worse. At first it felt as if my mind was shutting off and I was losing control of it, then instantly adrenaline rushed through my body and my heart felt like it was beating 130 bpm. I was shaking and sweating a lot. I couldn’t focus on anything and I thought I was dying. I almost called the ambulance until I realized I was having a panic attack. I sat down and closed my eyes and started to slow my breathing. In about a minute, I came back to feeling semi normal. I have a stomach ache right now and feel really exhausted. I started taking Prozac 2 days ago, and the panic attack happened about 2 hours of taking it.  Is this going to keep happening? and if it does what can I do to prevent it, or at least make it more manageable.
8ynbbe,13,25,ADR,panic attack,prozac,prozac,Drug-induced panic attack? Help! I had a strange experience last night and decided to post it here to see if anyone has had something similar happen or could provide insight.  Apologies for a longwinded post! (Let me know if this isn't the right subreddit for this post, I wasn't sure if it should be posted in r/drugs instead)  A bit of background: I'm a 23 year old female, I'm a week into a 10 mg daily dose of Prozac that was prescribed to me for issues with both anxiety and depression, I am an empath, I'm in the midst of a painfully crampy period, and I'm having some unidenified bladder issues. The A/C in our home was also broken and it was about 95 degrees inside.   So last night I was in a decent amount of pain from my bladder and my period, and I took two Ibuprofen and two Acetaminophen, something I take all the time for pain. I also filled up my one-hitter twice with some good ol' devil's lettuce to help me relax. I was sitting on my bed, watching Parks and Rec and browsing Reddit. Everything was hunky dory for about a half hour. Then I started thinking about how I probably shouldn't have taken all four pills AND smoked, so I grabbed my phone and did some research on mixing pain killers with weed to calm my mind. (I know pot doesn't usually mess with stuff like that and I knew that then, but my anxious mind tends to spiral if given an excuse to do so.) Before I could find any substantial answers, however, I started feeling immense amounts of negative energy coming from the phone. I put it down immediately, pushed it away from me, and focused on the TV. I made myself perform a few short term memory quizzes to keep myself grounded but I began to notice that I was constantly looking at screens (switching between the phone and the TV). The TV started emitting the same negative energy and I turned away. Looking around my bedroom, I sighed, rolled my eyes, got myself into a more comfortable position laying down on my bed, and immediately proceeded to have the scariest panic attack I've ever had.   My mind felt like it was melting/drowning, my eyes all but popped out of their sockets, and I couldn't move. But the worst part was my body. It felt like someone was pinpricking me on at a time on every millimeter of my body. I felt it go up my arms, attack my chest and stomach, and travel down to my legs and feet. Then all at once it felt like someone threw a lit match on me. Every inch of me felt like it was on fire and the painful tingling persisted. I managed to move my right arm to put my hand over my heart, and it was racing faster than I've ever felt it. It took my hand away and looked down at my chest. My shirt was moving because of how hard my heart was thumping. I forced deep breaths and slowly, slowly the feeling resided. I was left feeling so shaky I could barely drink water.   The whole thing from start to finish couldn't have been more than 60 seconds, but I was sure that I was fighting for my life for eternity and a half.   Just what the hell WAS that?
8ynbbe,2462,2478,ADR,painful tingling,prozac,prozac,Drug-induced panic attack? Help! I had a strange experience last night and decided to post it here to see if anyone has had something similar happen or could provide insight.  Apologies for a longwinded post! (Let me know if this isn't the right subreddit for this post, I wasn't sure if it should be posted in r/drugs instead)  A bit of background: I'm a 23 year old female, I'm a week into a 10 mg daily dose of Prozac that was prescribed to me for issues with both anxiety and depression, I am an empath, I'm in the midst of a painfully crampy period, and I'm having some unidenified bladder issues. The A/C in our home was also broken and it was about 95 degrees inside.   So last night I was in a decent amount of pain from my bladder and my period, and I took two Ibuprofen and two Acetaminophen, something I take all the time for pain. I also filled up my one-hitter twice with some good ol' devil's lettuce to help me relax. I was sitting on my bed, watching Parks and Rec and browsing Reddit. Everything was hunky dory for about a half hour. Then I started thinking about how I probably shouldn't have taken all four pills AND smoked, so I grabbed my phone and did some research on mixing pain killers with weed to calm my mind. (I know pot doesn't usually mess with stuff like that and I knew that then, but my anxious mind tends to spiral if given an excuse to do so.) Before I could find any substantial answers, however, I started feeling immense amounts of negative energy coming from the phone. I put it down immediately, pushed it away from me, and focused on the TV. I made myself perform a few short term memory quizzes to keep myself grounded but I began to notice that I was constantly looking at screens (switching between the phone and the TV). The TV started emitting the same negative energy and I turned away. Looking around my bedroom, I sighed, rolled my eyes, got myself into a more comfortable position laying down on my bed, and immediately proceeded to have the scariest panic attack I've ever had.   My mind felt like it was melting/drowning, my eyes all but popped out of their sockets, and I couldn't move. But the worst part was my body. It felt like someone was pinpricking me on at a time on every millimeter of my body. I felt it go up my arms, attack my chest and stomach, and travel down to my legs and feet. Then all at once it felt like someone threw a lit match on me. Every inch of me felt like it was on fire and the painful tingling persisted. I managed to move my right arm to put my hand over my heart, and it was racing faster than I've ever felt it. It took my hand away and looked down at my chest. My shirt was moving because of how hard my heart was thumping. I forced deep breaths and slowly, slowly the feeling resided. I was left feeling so shaky I could barely drink water.   The whole thing from start to finish couldn't have been more than 60 seconds, but I was sure that I was fighting for my life for eternity and a half.   Just what the hell WAS that?
8ynbbe,2797,2802,ADR,shaky,prozac,prozac,Drug-induced panic attack? Help! I had a strange experience last night and decided to post it here to see if anyone has had something similar happen or could provide insight.  Apologies for a longwinded post! (Let me know if this isn't the right subreddit for this post, I wasn't sure if it should be posted in r/drugs instead)  A bit of background: I'm a 23 year old female, I'm a week into a 10 mg daily dose of Prozac that was prescribed to me for issues with both anxiety and depression, I am an empath, I'm in the midst of a painfully crampy period, and I'm having some unidenified bladder issues. The A/C in our home was also broken and it was about 95 degrees inside.   So last night I was in a decent amount of pain from my bladder and my period, and I took two Ibuprofen and two Acetaminophen, something I take all the time for pain. I also filled up my one-hitter twice with some good ol' devil's lettuce to help me relax. I was sitting on my bed, watching Parks and Rec and browsing Reddit. Everything was hunky dory for about a half hour. Then I started thinking about how I probably shouldn't have taken all four pills AND smoked, so I grabbed my phone and did some research on mixing pain killers with weed to calm my mind. (I know pot doesn't usually mess with stuff like that and I knew that then, but my anxious mind tends to spiral if given an excuse to do so.) Before I could find any substantial answers, however, I started feeling immense amounts of negative energy coming from the phone. I put it down immediately, pushed it away from me, and focused on the TV. I made myself perform a few short term memory quizzes to keep myself grounded but I began to notice that I was constantly looking at screens (switching between the phone and the TV). The TV started emitting the same negative energy and I turned away. Looking around my bedroom, I sighed, rolled my eyes, got myself into a more comfortable position laying down on my bed, and immediately proceeded to have the scariest panic attack I've ever had.   My mind felt like it was melting/drowning, my eyes all but popped out of their sockets, and I couldn't move. But the worst part was my body. It felt like someone was pinpricking me on at a time on every millimeter of my body. I felt it go up my arms, attack my chest and stomach, and travel down to my legs and feet. Then all at once it felt like someone threw a lit match on me. Every inch of me felt like it was on fire and the painful tingling persisted. I managed to move my right arm to put my hand over my heart, and it was racing faster than I've ever felt it. It took my hand away and looked down at my chest. My shirt was moving because of how hard my heart was thumping. I forced deep breaths and slowly, slowly the feeling resided. I was left feeling so shaky I could barely drink water.   The whole thing from start to finish couldn't have been more than 60 seconds, but I was sure that I was fighting for my life for eternity and a half.   Just what the hell WAS that?
8yn0b2,23,41,ADR,serotonin syndrome,prozac,prozac,Can kanna+prozac cause serotonin syndrome? i recently switched medication to prozac. i am interested in trying kanna while smoking weed, but don’t want to get the potentially fatal serotonin syndrome since prozac is an ssri? should i steer clear of using kanna while taking prozac?
8ym7il,112,119,ADR,anxiety,prozac,prozac,Fuck this cult I just started taking Prozac for PTSD and severe depression and have been experiencing worsening anxiety so bad I had to call in sick to work. I’m waiting to see if it goes away after a couple days but I just want to call my PIMI mom who used to take antidepressants and ask how she did with them and what worked for her but even if she did respond she’d get satisfaction knowing her daughter is depressed in “Satan’s world” when in reality it was their own abusive parenting and the shitty cult that has made me this way. Fuck this cult
8ylyz9,44,57,ADR,blurry vision,prozac,prozac,Anyone else experience this side effect.... blurry vision on prozac? I use night mode on most of my electronics and apps. I've noticed that the white letters on the black background are now looking a bit blurry. When I look away from the screen at objects like print in a book, the blurriness is gone. The white letters on a black background however, that is where I get a bit of blurriness. And it's not just from my eyes being tired bc I notice it first thing, right when I sit down to use my computer around noon-time.   Anyone else experience this?   I'm 1 week on 20 mg Prozac daily
8ykbtm,205,218,ADR,gaining 80lbs,prozac,prozac,Started IF two days ago already dropped 4 lbs I have always had issues with gaining and losing weight. I used to be able to do a sugar free diet and lose weight but after going on Prozac for two years and gaining 80lbs I haven't been able to lose anything. I tried my usual go to diet and started exercising but the weight was just staying. So I find out about this fasting from my sister. We both are insulin resistant and have PCOS so hearing about how well this worked was/still is very exciting. Two days in and 4lbs down! My sister is a week in and already noticed a flatter stomach :)
8yjurj,30,39,ADR,anhedonia,prozac,prozac,How do i reverse SSRI induced anhedonia Was prescribed prozac 6 months ago, which i took for a week then stopped abruptly due to the side effects. One side effect that seems to have stayed with me for 6 months is anhedonia. I don't recall feeling anhedonic before taking that ssri. What can i do to reverse the anhedonia and feel alive again, i feel numb. Im guessing the main culprit here is that the drug permanently increased my serotonin and lowered my dopamine.
8yjurj,350,354,ADR,numb,prozac,prozac,How do i reverse SSRI induced anhedonia Was prescribed prozac 6 months ago, which i took for a week then stopped abruptly due to the side effects. One side effect that seems to have stayed with me for 6 months is anhedonia. I don't recall feeling anhedonic before taking that ssri. What can i do to reverse the anhedonia and feel alive again, i feel numb. Im guessing the main culprit here is that the drug permanently increased my serotonin and lowered my dopamine.
8yi291,23,41,ADR,seratonin syndrome,prozac,prozac,Can kanna+prozac cause seratonin syndrome? i recently switched medication to prozac. i am interested in trying kanna while smoking weed, but don’t want to get the potentially fatal seratonin syndrome since prozac is an ssri? should i steer clear of using kanna while taking prozac?
8yd86s,186,194,ADR,nauseous,prozac,prozac,Fuck meds One week ago I was prescribed Prozac.  I hate it.   I hate it so much.  I have no interest in sex, my emotions are disappearing, I don't feel sad but I'm not happy either. I'm nauseous all the time and I barely eat.  I don't want to switch medications. I want to be myself again. I'm 17! Why am I losing my sex drive? My girlfriend is so supportive, but I want to fulfill her needs and I just can't care about pleasure. I have even less motivation to do things than I did before. I don't want to let people down, but I just can't do this shit anymore.   Before medication people didn't want to hear about my problems. Now that I'm on it, they think I'm crazy and don't want to hear anything from me at all.
8yd86s,307,326,ADR,losing my sex drive,prozac,prozac,Fuck meds One week ago I was prescribed Prozac.  I hate it.   I hate it so much.  I have no interest in sex, my emotions are disappearing, I don't feel sad but I'm not happy either. I'm nauseous all the time and I barely eat.  I don't want to switch medications. I want to be myself again. I'm 17! Why am I losing my sex drive? My girlfriend is so supportive, but I want to fulfill her needs and I just can't care about pleasure. I have even less motivation to do things than I did before. I don't want to let people down, but I just can't do this shit anymore.   Before medication people didn't want to hear about my problems. Now that I'm on it, they think I'm crazy and don't want to hear anything from me at all.
8ycrqj,376,388,ADR,panic attack,prozac,prozac,From .50 mg daily to 0 mg - My journey with Klonopin I wanted to share my experience with Klonopin and how I tapered. Hopefully this information can be useful for others in the future.  Mental conditions: Panic attack disorder and GAD  History with Klonopin:   * 2010 to 2012 - 2 mg per day * 2012 to 2014 - Prozac, phased out Klonopin entirely * 2014 to 2015 - Relapsed into panic attack disorder. Started taking Klonopin as needed. * 2016 to May 2017 - Slowly started depending on it more, multiple times a week. Stopped taking Prozac since it wasn't working. * May 2017 to September 2017 - increased to 1 mg per day. * October 2017 to November 2017 - Peaked at 1.25 mg per day. * December 2017 to April 2018 - Tapered to .50 mg   Why I Decided to Taper: The Klonopin simply wasn't properly treating my anxiety, it was worsening it. It just wasn't working. If it were, I wouldn't be feeling SO anxious all the time. Also, it's just not sustainable. The body builds tolerance to it.  How I Tapered: I started facing my fears more and slowly tapered down. In a month I went from 1 mg - 1.50 mg per day to .75 mg. It then took me two months to get to .50 mg. That's when it got very difficult and I held at .50 mg for several months.   Final Push: Last month I went from .50 mg to .25 mg in a week. The following week I took .25 mg every other day. The third week I stopped taking it. I've been without Klonopin for ten days and I feel pretty good.  Withdrawal Process: In the last push I experienced some withdrawal in the form of higher anxiety, fuzzy brain/inability to concentrate, pain in the body, and blurry vision, and agitation. Probably a lot of other symptoms as well but they feel relatively mild. The days after my last dose were the hardest, especially the first three. After that it only gets better each day. The fuzzy brain feeling went away two days ago. Now I mainly have body pain sometimes during the day and a bit of nausea. Very manageable.  What Triggered the Sudden Decrease?: My doctor prescribed me CBD. It does wonders and treats my anxiety better than the Klonopin with little to no side effects. It's also treating my withdrawal symptoms. Doesn't eliminate them, but makes them a lot more manageable.  Forms of Therapy: I don't just take CBD. Throughout the years I've learned to meditate, do breathing exercises, exercise, changed my lifestyle and diet, foster healthy relationships, go to therapy, practice self-care, etc. I basically worked at trying to live healthier.  I hope this information is useful to others. If you have questions, please let me know. I wish you all good luck.
8ycrqj,805,812,ADR,anxiety,prozac,prozac,From .50 mg daily to 0 mg - My journey with Klonopin I wanted to share my experience with Klonopin and how I tapered. Hopefully this information can be useful for others in the future.  Mental conditions: Panic attack disorder and GAD  History with Klonopin:   * 2010 to 2012 - 2 mg per day * 2012 to 2014 - Prozac, phased out Klonopin entirely * 2014 to 2015 - Relapsed into panic attack disorder. Started taking Klonopin as needed. * 2016 to May 2017 - Slowly started depending on it more, multiple times a week. Stopped taking Prozac since it wasn't working. * May 2017 to September 2017 - increased to 1 mg per day. * October 2017 to November 2017 - Peaked at 1.25 mg per day. * December 2017 to April 2018 - Tapered to .50 mg   Why I Decided to Taper: The Klonopin simply wasn't properly treating my anxiety, it was worsening it. It just wasn't working. If it were, I wouldn't be feeling SO anxious all the time. Also, it's just not sustainable. The body builds tolerance to it.  How I Tapered: I started facing my fears more and slowly tapered down. In a month I went from 1 mg - 1.50 mg per day to .75 mg. It then took me two months to get to .50 mg. That's when it got very difficult and I held at .50 mg for several months.   Final Push: Last month I went from .50 mg to .25 mg in a week. The following week I took .25 mg every other day. The third week I stopped taking it. I've been without Klonopin for ten days and I feel pretty good.  Withdrawal Process: In the last push I experienced some withdrawal in the form of higher anxiety, fuzzy brain/inability to concentrate, pain in the body, and blurry vision, and agitation. Probably a lot of other symptoms as well but they feel relatively mild. The days after my last dose were the hardest, especially the first three. After that it only gets better each day. The fuzzy brain feeling went away two days ago. Now I mainly have body pain sometimes during the day and a bit of nausea. Very manageable.  What Triggered the Sudden Decrease?: My doctor prescribed me CBD. It does wonders and treats my anxiety better than the Klonopin with little to no side effects. It's also treating my withdrawal symptoms. Doesn't eliminate them, but makes them a lot more manageable.  Forms of Therapy: I don't just take CBD. Throughout the years I've learned to meditate, do breathing exercises, exercise, changed my lifestyle and diet, foster healthy relationships, go to therapy, practice self-care, etc. I basically worked at trying to live healthier.  I hope this information is useful to others. If you have questions, please let me know. I wish you all good luck.
8ycrqj,896,903,ADR,anxious,prozac,prozac,From .50 mg daily to 0 mg - My journey with Klonopin I wanted to share my experience with Klonopin and how I tapered. Hopefully this information can be useful for others in the future.  Mental conditions: Panic attack disorder and GAD  History with Klonopin:   * 2010 to 2012 - 2 mg per day * 2012 to 2014 - Prozac, phased out Klonopin entirely * 2014 to 2015 - Relapsed into panic attack disorder. Started taking Klonopin as needed. * 2016 to May 2017 - Slowly started depending on it more, multiple times a week. Stopped taking Prozac since it wasn't working. * May 2017 to September 2017 - increased to 1 mg per day. * October 2017 to November 2017 - Peaked at 1.25 mg per day. * December 2017 to April 2018 - Tapered to .50 mg   Why I Decided to Taper: The Klonopin simply wasn't properly treating my anxiety, it was worsening it. It just wasn't working. If it were, I wouldn't be feeling SO anxious all the time. Also, it's just not sustainable. The body builds tolerance to it.  How I Tapered: I started facing my fears more and slowly tapered down. In a month I went from 1 mg - 1.50 mg per day to .75 mg. It then took me two months to get to .50 mg. That's when it got very difficult and I held at .50 mg for several months.   Final Push: Last month I went from .50 mg to .25 mg in a week. The following week I took .25 mg every other day. The third week I stopped taking it. I've been without Klonopin for ten days and I feel pretty good.  Withdrawal Process: In the last push I experienced some withdrawal in the form of higher anxiety, fuzzy brain/inability to concentrate, pain in the body, and blurry vision, and agitation. Probably a lot of other symptoms as well but they feel relatively mild. The days after my last dose were the hardest, especially the first three. After that it only gets better each day. The fuzzy brain feeling went away two days ago. Now I mainly have body pain sometimes during the day and a bit of nausea. Very manageable.  What Triggered the Sudden Decrease?: My doctor prescribed me CBD. It does wonders and treats my anxiety better than the Klonopin with little to no side effects. It's also treating my withdrawal symptoms. Doesn't eliminate them, but makes them a lot more manageable.  Forms of Therapy: I don't just take CBD. Throughout the years I've learned to meditate, do breathing exercises, exercise, changed my lifestyle and diet, foster healthy relationships, go to therapy, practice self-care, etc. I basically worked at trying to live healthier.  I hope this information is useful to others. If you have questions, please let me know. I wish you all good luck.
8ycrqj,967,976,ADR,tolerance,prozac,prozac,From .50 mg daily to 0 mg - My journey with Klonopin I wanted to share my experience with Klonopin and how I tapered. Hopefully this information can be useful for others in the future.  Mental conditions: Panic attack disorder and GAD  History with Klonopin:   * 2010 to 2012 - 2 mg per day * 2012 to 2014 - Prozac, phased out Klonopin entirely * 2014 to 2015 - Relapsed into panic attack disorder. Started taking Klonopin as needed. * 2016 to May 2017 - Slowly started depending on it more, multiple times a week. Stopped taking Prozac since it wasn't working. * May 2017 to September 2017 - increased to 1 mg per day. * October 2017 to November 2017 - Peaked at 1.25 mg per day. * December 2017 to April 2018 - Tapered to .50 mg   Why I Decided to Taper: The Klonopin simply wasn't properly treating my anxiety, it was worsening it. It just wasn't working. If it were, I wouldn't be feeling SO anxious all the time. Also, it's just not sustainable. The body builds tolerance to it.  How I Tapered: I started facing my fears more and slowly tapered down. In a month I went from 1 mg - 1.50 mg per day to .75 mg. It then took me two months to get to .50 mg. That's when it got very difficult and I held at .50 mg for several months.   Final Push: Last month I went from .50 mg to .25 mg in a week. The following week I took .25 mg every other day. The third week I stopped taking it. I've been without Klonopin for ten days and I feel pretty good.  Withdrawal Process: In the last push I experienced some withdrawal in the form of higher anxiety, fuzzy brain/inability to concentrate, pain in the body, and blurry vision, and agitation. Probably a lot of other symptoms as well but they feel relatively mild. The days after my last dose were the hardest, especially the first three. After that it only gets better each day. The fuzzy brain feeling went away two days ago. Now I mainly have body pain sometimes during the day and a bit of nausea. Very manageable.  What Triggered the Sudden Decrease?: My doctor prescribed me CBD. It does wonders and treats my anxiety better than the Klonopin with little to no side effects. It's also treating my withdrawal symptoms. Doesn't eliminate them, but makes them a lot more manageable.  Forms of Therapy: I don't just take CBD. Throughout the years I've learned to meditate, do breathing exercises, exercise, changed my lifestyle and diet, foster healthy relationships, go to therapy, practice self-care, etc. I basically worked at trying to live healthier.  I hope this information is useful to others. If you have questions, please let me know. I wish you all good luck.
8ycrqj,1505,1515,ADR,withdrawal,prozac,prozac,From .50 mg daily to 0 mg - My journey with Klonopin I wanted to share my experience with Klonopin and how I tapered. Hopefully this information can be useful for others in the future.  Mental conditions: Panic attack disorder and GAD  History with Klonopin:   * 2010 to 2012 - 2 mg per day * 2012 to 2014 - Prozac, phased out Klonopin entirely * 2014 to 2015 - Relapsed into panic attack disorder. Started taking Klonopin as needed. * 2016 to May 2017 - Slowly started depending on it more, multiple times a week. Stopped taking Prozac since it wasn't working. * May 2017 to September 2017 - increased to 1 mg per day. * October 2017 to November 2017 - Peaked at 1.25 mg per day. * December 2017 to April 2018 - Tapered to .50 mg   Why I Decided to Taper: The Klonopin simply wasn't properly treating my anxiety, it was worsening it. It just wasn't working. If it were, I wouldn't be feeling SO anxious all the time. Also, it's just not sustainable. The body builds tolerance to it.  How I Tapered: I started facing my fears more and slowly tapered down. In a month I went from 1 mg - 1.50 mg per day to .75 mg. It then took me two months to get to .50 mg. That's when it got very difficult and I held at .50 mg for several months.   Final Push: Last month I went from .50 mg to .25 mg in a week. The following week I took .25 mg every other day. The third week I stopped taking it. I've been without Klonopin for ten days and I feel pretty good.  Withdrawal Process: In the last push I experienced some withdrawal in the form of higher anxiety, fuzzy brain/inability to concentrate, pain in the body, and blurry vision, and agitation. Probably a lot of other symptoms as well but they feel relatively mild. The days after my last dose were the hardest, especially the first three. After that it only gets better each day. The fuzzy brain feeling went away two days ago. Now I mainly have body pain sometimes during the day and a bit of nausea. Very manageable.  What Triggered the Sudden Decrease?: My doctor prescribed me CBD. It does wonders and treats my anxiety better than the Klonopin with little to no side effects. It's also treating my withdrawal symptoms. Doesn't eliminate them, but makes them a lot more manageable.  Forms of Therapy: I don't just take CBD. Throughout the years I've learned to meditate, do breathing exercises, exercise, changed my lifestyle and diet, foster healthy relationships, go to therapy, practice self-care, etc. I basically worked at trying to live healthier.  I hope this information is useful to others. If you have questions, please let me know. I wish you all good luck.
8ycrqj,1547,1558,ADR,fuzzy brain,prozac,prozac,From .50 mg daily to 0 mg - My journey with Klonopin I wanted to share my experience with Klonopin and how I tapered. Hopefully this information can be useful for others in the future.  Mental conditions: Panic attack disorder and GAD  History with Klonopin:   * 2010 to 2012 - 2 mg per day * 2012 to 2014 - Prozac, phased out Klonopin entirely * 2014 to 2015 - Relapsed into panic attack disorder. Started taking Klonopin as needed. * 2016 to May 2017 - Slowly started depending on it more, multiple times a week. Stopped taking Prozac since it wasn't working. * May 2017 to September 2017 - increased to 1 mg per day. * October 2017 to November 2017 - Peaked at 1.25 mg per day. * December 2017 to April 2018 - Tapered to .50 mg   Why I Decided to Taper: The Klonopin simply wasn't properly treating my anxiety, it was worsening it. It just wasn't working. If it were, I wouldn't be feeling SO anxious all the time. Also, it's just not sustainable. The body builds tolerance to it.  How I Tapered: I started facing my fears more and slowly tapered down. In a month I went from 1 mg - 1.50 mg per day to .75 mg. It then took me two months to get to .50 mg. That's when it got very difficult and I held at .50 mg for several months.   Final Push: Last month I went from .50 mg to .25 mg in a week. The following week I took .25 mg every other day. The third week I stopped taking it. I've been without Klonopin for ten days and I feel pretty good.  Withdrawal Process: In the last push I experienced some withdrawal in the form of higher anxiety, fuzzy brain/inability to concentrate, pain in the body, and blurry vision, and agitation. Probably a lot of other symptoms as well but they feel relatively mild. The days after my last dose were the hardest, especially the first three. After that it only gets better each day. The fuzzy brain feeling went away two days ago. Now I mainly have body pain sometimes during the day and a bit of nausea. Very manageable.  What Triggered the Sudden Decrease?: My doctor prescribed me CBD. It does wonders and treats my anxiety better than the Klonopin with little to no side effects. It's also treating my withdrawal symptoms. Doesn't eliminate them, but makes them a lot more manageable.  Forms of Therapy: I don't just take CBD. Throughout the years I've learned to meditate, do breathing exercises, exercise, changed my lifestyle and diet, foster healthy relationships, go to therapy, practice self-care, etc. I basically worked at trying to live healthier.  I hope this information is useful to others. If you have questions, please let me know. I wish you all good luck.
8ycrqj,1626,1635,ADR,agitation,prozac,prozac,From .50 mg daily to 0 mg - My journey with Klonopin I wanted to share my experience with Klonopin and how I tapered. Hopefully this information can be useful for others in the future.  Mental conditions: Panic attack disorder and GAD  History with Klonopin:   * 2010 to 2012 - 2 mg per day * 2012 to 2014 - Prozac, phased out Klonopin entirely * 2014 to 2015 - Relapsed into panic attack disorder. Started taking Klonopin as needed. * 2016 to May 2017 - Slowly started depending on it more, multiple times a week. Stopped taking Prozac since it wasn't working. * May 2017 to September 2017 - increased to 1 mg per day. * October 2017 to November 2017 - Peaked at 1.25 mg per day. * December 2017 to April 2018 - Tapered to .50 mg   Why I Decided to Taper: The Klonopin simply wasn't properly treating my anxiety, it was worsening it. It just wasn't working. If it were, I wouldn't be feeling SO anxious all the time. Also, it's just not sustainable. The body builds tolerance to it.  How I Tapered: I started facing my fears more and slowly tapered down. In a month I went from 1 mg - 1.50 mg per day to .75 mg. It then took me two months to get to .50 mg. That's when it got very difficult and I held at .50 mg for several months.   Final Push: Last month I went from .50 mg to .25 mg in a week. The following week I took .25 mg every other day. The third week I stopped taking it. I've been without Klonopin for ten days and I feel pretty good.  Withdrawal Process: In the last push I experienced some withdrawal in the form of higher anxiety, fuzzy brain/inability to concentrate, pain in the body, and blurry vision, and agitation. Probably a lot of other symptoms as well but they feel relatively mild. The days after my last dose were the hardest, especially the first three. After that it only gets better each day. The fuzzy brain feeling went away two days ago. Now I mainly have body pain sometimes during the day and a bit of nausea. Very manageable.  What Triggered the Sudden Decrease?: My doctor prescribed me CBD. It does wonders and treats my anxiety better than the Klonopin with little to no side effects. It's also treating my withdrawal symptoms. Doesn't eliminate them, but makes them a lot more manageable.  Forms of Therapy: I don't just take CBD. Throughout the years I've learned to meditate, do breathing exercises, exercise, changed my lifestyle and diet, foster healthy relationships, go to therapy, practice self-care, etc. I basically worked at trying to live healthier.  I hope this information is useful to others. If you have questions, please let me know. I wish you all good luck.
8ycrqj,1938,1944,ADR,nausea,prozac,prozac,From .50 mg daily to 0 mg - My journey with Klonopin I wanted to share my experience with Klonopin and how I tapered. Hopefully this information can be useful for others in the future.  Mental conditions: Panic attack disorder and GAD  History with Klonopin:   * 2010 to 2012 - 2 mg per day * 2012 to 2014 - Prozac, phased out Klonopin entirely * 2014 to 2015 - Relapsed into panic attack disorder. Started taking Klonopin as needed. * 2016 to May 2017 - Slowly started depending on it more, multiple times a week. Stopped taking Prozac since it wasn't working. * May 2017 to September 2017 - increased to 1 mg per day. * October 2017 to November 2017 - Peaked at 1.25 mg per day. * December 2017 to April 2018 - Tapered to .50 mg   Why I Decided to Taper: The Klonopin simply wasn't properly treating my anxiety, it was worsening it. It just wasn't working. If it were, I wouldn't be feeling SO anxious all the time. Also, it's just not sustainable. The body builds tolerance to it.  How I Tapered: I started facing my fears more and slowly tapered down. In a month I went from 1 mg - 1.50 mg per day to .75 mg. It then took me two months to get to .50 mg. That's when it got very difficult and I held at .50 mg for several months.   Final Push: Last month I went from .50 mg to .25 mg in a week. The following week I took .25 mg every other day. The third week I stopped taking it. I've been without Klonopin for ten days and I feel pretty good.  Withdrawal Process: In the last push I experienced some withdrawal in the form of higher anxiety, fuzzy brain/inability to concentrate, pain in the body, and blurry vision, and agitation. Probably a lot of other symptoms as well but they feel relatively mild. The days after my last dose were the hardest, especially the first three. After that it only gets better each day. The fuzzy brain feeling went away two days ago. Now I mainly have body pain sometimes during the day and a bit of nausea. Very manageable.  What Triggered the Sudden Decrease?: My doctor prescribed me CBD. It does wonders and treats my anxiety better than the Klonopin with little to no side effects. It's also treating my withdrawal symptoms. Doesn't eliminate them, but makes them a lot more manageable.  Forms of Therapy: I don't just take CBD. Throughout the years I've learned to meditate, do breathing exercises, exercise, changed my lifestyle and diet, foster healthy relationships, go to therapy, practice self-care, etc. I basically worked at trying to live healthier.  I hope this information is useful to others. If you have questions, please let me know. I wish you all good luck.
8ycmah,536,544,ADR,vomiting,prozac,prozac,Making myself see a Psychiatrist again today So about a year ago I quit taking my medicine cold-turkey. Now this was a bad idea because I was taking 2 xanax a day, abilify, and prozac at pretty high doses annnnnd I was going through a divorce.   I really disliked my old doctor, he was not very personable and didn't seem like he even knew who I was. I think that's what kept me away so long. My boyfriend (who's also bipolar/has PTSD)convinced me that it would be a good idea to try again even though I've been worried to the point of vomiting about having to go back..   Idk really know what the point of this post is other than I'm still freaking out a little and just wanted to tell someone I am trying to get help that might actually care.
8y9jjl,12,19,ADR,anxiety,prozac,prozac,Brides with anxiety, have any of you had to up your medication??? I was diagnosed with an anxiety disorder as a teen and have been medicated on and off since. Ive been on 40 mg Prozac for forever, but lately have felt like my anxiety is through the ROOF (I’m talking panic attacks in the grocery store, etc 😂). Have any of you experienced this with wedding planning? Good idea to increase my dosage, or should I tough it out till the wedding (this December)??
8y9jjl,267,280,ADR,panic attacks,prozac,prozac,Brides with anxiety, have any of you had to up your medication??? I was diagnosed with an anxiety disorder as a teen and have been medicated on and off since. Ive been on 40 mg Prozac for forever, but lately have felt like my anxiety is through the ROOF (I’m talking panic attacks in the grocery store, etc 😂). Have any of you experienced this with wedding planning? Good idea to increase my dosage, or should I tough it out till the wedding (this December)??
8y5ip6,165,182,ADR,suicidal thoughts,prozac,prozac,help me If I could go back, I would kill myself, replace it, be a good person, fuck you  Prozac doesn’t fucking work. The therapists talk about oh have you ever had suicidal thoughts recently? Fuck you. You act like its rare, that’s just a regular thing for me  My main goal in life is true love. That’s all I want someone to love me. Please please  That’s all I ask is that so much I don’t understand  Help me  help me  please  please help  I just want someone to let me know it will be okay  I just want someone to tell me ill be fine  Help me  help me please  I think about shooting up my school constantly. Im scared one day ill act upon it  Sometimes I grab a cane and pertend to do it. Shooting each one one by one, it would be fun  I don’t know why im so fucking messed up  My dad shouts at me on the regular, swears. He cheated on my mom, got full custody…  Says she abandoned me  I don’t want to be alone anymore  I long for someone to just sit beside me  Sit beside me and talk to me  Just for a little bit  Please  please help me  please  please  please I cant take this anymore I don’t want to die  ive tried suicide so many times already  cant tell that to my dad, can i? hed just rub it off as yep probably because of your mom  fuck you dad  I don’t understand life  Please  help me  tell me it will be okay  tell me it will be okay  please
8y3ndo,1079,1092,ADR,feel horrible,prozac,prozac,Does DPDR come and go? My story. Hi guys, I'm not sure I have dp/dr, but I think I might....but intermittently.   So my whole life I've suffered from depression and anxiety. It runs hereditary it my family, and over the past 7 years or so, it's gotten worse. I rarely leave my house (except for the essentials) and I'm completely anti-social.   Back about 10 years ago I was getting ready to go on a trip overseas. It was my first time leaving the country and for some reason I was very scared about traveling far away. If I traveled somewhere within driving distance, or even a few states away, it was no problem. But overseas for some reason scared me.  So about a week before leaving for the trip I went into a 'dream like' state. It felt as if I was in a dream or in a movie; like it wasn't "real". So at that time my doctor had given me some benzos, and seriquel (I'm not sure how to spell that) along with prozac. The benzos helped for a few hours at a time, but nothing permanent. I'm not sure the Prozac actually did anything. The antipsycotic knocked me out and made me feel horrible.  Surprisingly I forced myself to still go on the trip since my wife and I had already paid for it and had been planning it for a while. It did help take my mind off the way I felt, but all the time I was on the trip, the feeling never really went away.  When I got back from the trip I thought the feeling would go away because I figured it was caused by my fear of traveling. Well, it didn't. In fact it got worse. Day to day tasks were overwhelming and working was not easy. Since then I have been put on a slue of medications until a few years ago I found some that help (key word: help - not cure).  Slowly overtime, the dpdr feelings seemed to dissipate, although sometimes they do still occur at random times. But over the past 7-8 years my depression has gotten really bad. I am very anti-social and never leave my house except for work and grocery shopping. It's not that I'm afraid to leave, I have no motivation to leave. I have also gained a lot of weight which makes me feel worse.  Currently I taking sertraline, risperdone, and klonopin. These do help to some degree, especially with anxiety, but it hasn't changed my depression.  So, I'm wondering if this can be related to dpdr? While I don't have overwhelming dream like feelings now, maybe it affected my depression in the long run? I don't know.  Also, I should mention my mother has had multiple episodes of severe dpdr that landed her in the hospital and the doctors performing ECT on her. She's actually in a nursing home now.  Anyway, any comments, tips, advice....whatever would be appreciated. Thanks!
8y3ndo,5,9,ADR,DPDR,prozac,prozac,Does DPDR come and go? My story. Hi guys, I'm not sure I have dp/dr, but I think I might....but intermittently.   So my whole life I've suffered from depression and anxiety. It runs hereditary it my family, and over the past 7 years or so, it's gotten worse. I rarely leave my house (except for the essentials) and I'm completely anti-social.   Back about 10 years ago I was getting ready to go on a trip overseas. It was my first time leaving the country and for some reason I was very scared about traveling far away. If I traveled somewhere within driving distance, or even a few states away, it was no problem. But overseas for some reason scared me.  So about a week before leaving for the trip I went into a 'dream like' state. It felt as if I was in a dream or in a movie; like it wasn't "real". So at that time my doctor had given me some benzos, and seriquel (I'm not sure how to spell that) along with prozac. The benzos helped for a few hours at a time, but nothing permanent. I'm not sure the Prozac actually did anything. The antipsycotic knocked me out and made me feel horrible.  Surprisingly I forced myself to still go on the trip since my wife and I had already paid for it and had been planning it for a while. It did help take my mind off the way I felt, but all the time I was on the trip, the feeling never really went away.  When I got back from the trip I thought the feeling would go away because I figured it was caused by my fear of traveling. Well, it didn't. In fact it got worse. Day to day tasks were overwhelming and working was not easy. Since then I have been put on a slue of medications until a few years ago I found some that help (key word: help - not cure).  Slowly overtime, the dpdr feelings seemed to dissipate, although sometimes they do still occur at random times. But over the past 7-8 years my depression has gotten really bad. I am very anti-social and never leave my house except for work and grocery shopping. It's not that I'm afraid to leave, I have no motivation to leave. I have also gained a lot of weight which makes me feel worse.  Currently I taking sertraline, risperdone, and klonopin. These do help to some degree, especially with anxiety, but it hasn't changed my depression.  So, I'm wondering if this can be related to dpdr? While I don't have overwhelming dream like feelings now, maybe it affected my depression in the long run? I don't know.  Also, I should mention my mother has had multiple episodes of severe dpdr that landed her in the hospital and the doctors performing ECT on her. She's actually in a nursing home now.  Anyway, any comments, tips, advice....whatever would be appreciated. Thanks!
8xztm3,234,243,ADR,irritable,prozac,prozac,If prozac cured me of my symptoms is it unlikely adhd? I used to take prozac and didn't have any mental health issues while I was on prozac. There is a reason I no longer take prozac which I don't want to go in to. I just feel really irritable, agitated all the time and like I can't focus, someone was trying me how to fix something the other day and I lost it and smashed a glass off a wall. But what I am saying is if prozac took away these symptoms, then could it still be adult adhd? As I know prozac isn't an adhd medication
8xztm3,245,253,ADR,agitated,prozac,prozac,If prozac cured me of my symptoms is it unlikely adhd? I used to take prozac and didn't have any mental health issues while I was on prozac. There is a reason I no longer take prozac which I don't want to go in to. I just feel really irritable, agitated all the time and like I can't focus, someone was trying me how to fix something the other day and I lost it and smashed a glass off a wall. But what I am saying is if prozac took away these symptoms, then could it still be adult adhd? As I know prozac isn't an adhd medication
8xyh7c,300,304,ADR,numb,prozac,prozac,Question about marriage and antidepressants 2nd time posting this because I think I posted this in the wrong subreddit before.   So I've got some pretty bad PTSD and have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder. I tried 5 different antidepressants and every single one my wife told me made me "numb, different, not all there, not as loving/talkative, etc.". Well the 5th one was Prozac and she told me the same things only a week in so I stopped taking it, however no one else I know told me anything of the sort.  I secretly started taking it again months ago and I've been feeling much better and my night terrors have almost completely gone away as well as my depression is at an all time low it feels. She hasn't said a word to me about me being different in any negative way and has actually told me that I've been talking to her more and have been more... "sexually inclined". Ive had some pretty bad guilt over not telling her I'm on it but I needed her unbiased opinion because I think she has a bias against antidepressants being that she had a bad experience with zoloft in highschool. I feel great and way more productive and actually happy on the Prozac. What should I do? Do I tell her? Am I wrong? Sorry for the wall of text.
8xwz9y,250,269,ADR,emotionally numbing,prozac,prozac,Prozac (Fluoxetine) 20 mg Hi, I'm on day 8 of Prozac after being prescribed them by my doctor. I was diagnosed with mild-moderate depression and I'm confused as to how these anti-depressants are supposed to work.  I've read online that Prozac can be emotionally numbing - meaning you can't feel sad/happy. The problem is, that's my biggest symptom with depression - I don't have the drive or motivation that I used to have because I feel absolutely empty, I can't get excited and I'm often doing things for the sake of doing them.  Should I be on these? I explained these symptoms to my doctor.
8xwy87,621,625,ADR,daze,prozac,prozac,Well, ban me if you have to. Okay so this is probably 100% not allowed, but hear me out.   So I’m a 20-something year old female from Milwaukee, a lot of my friends have moved out of the city, to different places etc, you know how life goes. So I have lost any connections to buying the green stuff.   Before this get downvoted into oblivion, I have just a couple more things to say.   Okay so since I was a teenager I’ve had fairly bad anxiety and depression. Was even hospitalized for it. During that time, my doctor had me on all kinds of pills. Xanax, Prozac, lexapro, you name it. All of it put me in some kind of a daze, I couldn’t really enjoy life, but hey, at least the anxiety subsided somewhat. But, somewhere along the way I got addicted to Xanax pretty bad and I wanted to stop taking it altogether, so I tried the natural alternative, bud.   It really helps with my anxiety and I’ve been going through it really bad because I’m watching my moms health slip away (alcoholism). So long story short is I’m looking for a connection. If someone could inbox me.   Ban me if needed I apologize. I have no other options left besides going up to random people on the street and asking, and I’m not too comfortable with that.
8xwy87,741,749,ADR,addicted,prozac,prozac,Well, ban me if you have to. Okay so this is probably 100% not allowed, but hear me out.   So I’m a 20-something year old female from Milwaukee, a lot of my friends have moved out of the city, to different places etc, you know how life goes. So I have lost any connections to buying the green stuff.   Before this get downvoted into oblivion, I have just a couple more things to say.   Okay so since I was a teenager I’ve had fairly bad anxiety and depression. Was even hospitalized for it. During that time, my doctor had me on all kinds of pills. Xanax, Prozac, lexapro, you name it. All of it put me in some kind of a daze, I couldn’t really enjoy life, but hey, at least the anxiety subsided somewhat. But, somewhere along the way I got addicted to Xanax pretty bad and I wanted to stop taking it altogether, so I tried the natural alternative, bud.   It really helps with my anxiety and I’ve been going through it really bad because I’m watching my moms health slip away (alcoholism). So long story short is I’m looking for a connection. If someone could inbox me.   Ban me if needed I apologize. I have no other options left besides going up to random people on the street and asking, and I’m not too comfortable with that.
8xziex,1008,1015,ADR,amnesia,gamma-aminobutyric acid,gamma-aminobutyric acid,It's not just pleasure you're addicted to. (P)MO has a significant role as a SEDATIVE In case you don't know there's a large market for sedatives. It's Benzodiazepines, more commonly known as benzos. Xanax, Valium and Ambien (brand names) are the most common ones. But there's a whole class of them. Benzo addiction is very real, serious and [deadly](https://d14rmgtrwzf5a.cloudfront.net/sites/default/files/ods2016-slide06.jpg). 1 in 7 deaths by overdose is [benzo related](https://www.drugabuse.gov/related-topics/trends-statistics/overdose-death-rates). It's a controlled substance for a good reason.  Here's [wikipedia's description](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benzodiazepine)  &gt;Benzodiazepines enhance the effect of the neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) at the GABAA receptor, **resulting in sedative, hypnotic (sleep-inducing), anxiolytic (anti-anxiety), anticonvulsant, and muscle relaxant properties.** High doses of many shorter-acting benzodiazepines may also cause anterograde amnesia and **dissociation**. These properties make benzodiazepines useful in treating **anxiety, insomnia, agitation.**  Notice any similarities?  That's what you're using PMO for. Self medication. Mainly through [prolactin and oxytocin](https://www.healthcentral.com/article/could-masturbation-cure-your-insomnia). Both acting as benzos. Ever wonder why masturbation is "recommended for insomnia" or "stress relief"? Why after masturbation you just don't give a fck about anything for a while? It's because it works.  But using it as such is a dumbfucking bad idea. Because you're misusing a body function designed for something else entirely (sex/bonding) to alleviate stress. That's like saying "alcohol is great for anxiety"... yes.. it is for the first hour or so. Then you're still anxious as fck and you just learn to be dependent on alcohol to relax. That's how an alcohol addiction is born.  And that' what you're using PMO for. I'm more inclined to believe **PMO is used primarily as SEDATIVE** and secondarily as OPIATE (pleasure). At the end of the day it's two powerful drugs in one.
8xziex,1022,1034,ADR,dissociation,gamma-aminobutyric acid,gamma-aminobutyric acid,It's not just pleasure you're addicted to. (P)MO has a significant role as a SEDATIVE In case you don't know there's a large market for sedatives. It's Benzodiazepines, more commonly known as benzos. Xanax, Valium and Ambien (brand names) are the most common ones. But there's a whole class of them. Benzo addiction is very real, serious and [deadly](https://d14rmgtrwzf5a.cloudfront.net/sites/default/files/ods2016-slide06.jpg). 1 in 7 deaths by overdose is [benzo related](https://www.drugabuse.gov/related-topics/trends-statistics/overdose-death-rates). It's a controlled substance for a good reason.  Here's [wikipedia's description](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benzodiazepine)  &gt;Benzodiazepines enhance the effect of the neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) at the GABAA receptor, **resulting in sedative, hypnotic (sleep-inducing), anxiolytic (anti-anxiety), anticonvulsant, and muscle relaxant properties.** High doses of many shorter-acting benzodiazepines may also cause anterograde amnesia and **dissociation**. These properties make benzodiazepines useful in treating **anxiety, insomnia, agitation.**  Notice any similarities?  That's what you're using PMO for. Self medication. Mainly through [prolactin and oxytocin](https://www.healthcentral.com/article/could-masturbation-cure-your-insomnia). Both acting as benzos. Ever wonder why masturbation is "recommended for insomnia" or "stress relief"? Why after masturbation you just don't give a fck about anything for a while? It's because it works.  But using it as such is a dumbfucking bad idea. Because you're misusing a body function designed for something else entirely (sex/bonding) to alleviate stress. That's like saying "alcohol is great for anxiety"... yes.. it is for the first hour or so. Then you're still anxious as fck and you just learn to be dependent on alcohol to relax. That's how an alcohol addiction is born.  And that' what you're using PMO for. I'm more inclined to believe **PMO is used primarily as SEDATIVE** and secondarily as OPIATE (pleasure). At the end of the day it's two powerful drugs in one.
8xziex,306,315,ADR,addiction,gamma-aminobutyric acid,gamma-aminobutyric acid,It's not just pleasure you're addicted to. (P)MO has a significant role as a SEDATIVE In case you don't know there's a large market for sedatives. It's Benzodiazepines, more commonly known as benzos. Xanax, Valium and Ambien (brand names) are the most common ones. But there's a whole class of them. Benzo addiction is very real, serious and [deadly](https://d14rmgtrwzf5a.cloudfront.net/sites/default/files/ods2016-slide06.jpg). 1 in 7 deaths by overdose is [benzo related](https://www.drugabuse.gov/related-topics/trends-statistics/overdose-death-rates). It's a controlled substance for a good reason.  Here's [wikipedia's description](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benzodiazepine)  &gt;Benzodiazepines enhance the effect of the neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) at the GABAA receptor, **resulting in sedative, hypnotic (sleep-inducing), anxiolytic (anti-anxiety), anticonvulsant, and muscle relaxant properties.** High doses of many shorter-acting benzodiazepines may also cause anterograde amnesia and **dissociation**. These properties make benzodiazepines useful in treating **anxiety, insomnia, agitation.**  Notice any similarities?  That's what you're using PMO for. Self medication. Mainly through [prolactin and oxytocin](https://www.healthcentral.com/article/could-masturbation-cure-your-insomnia). Both acting as benzos. Ever wonder why masturbation is "recommended for insomnia" or "stress relief"? Why after masturbation you just don't give a fck about anything for a while? It's because it works.  But using it as such is a dumbfucking bad idea. Because you're misusing a body function designed for something else entirely (sex/bonding) to alleviate stress. That's like saying "alcohol is great for anxiety"... yes.. it is for the first hour or so. Then you're still anxious as fck and you just learn to be dependent on alcohol to relax. That's how an alcohol addiction is born.  And that' what you're using PMO for. I'm more inclined to believe **PMO is used primarily as SEDATIVE** and secondarily as OPIATE (pleasure). At the end of the day it's two powerful drugs in one.
8zg1sj,466,472,ADR,wheezy,albuterol,albuterol,Heart palpitations for several years; doctor isn't really concerned but I'm curious! Hello! This is mostly a curiosity thing because I've been to the doctor multiple times about it and they haven't done anything. I'm a 21 year old white female living in the US, 5'6" and about 150lbs. I have seasonal allergies and asthma for which I take 10mg montelukast and 5mg levocetirizine daily, as well as albuterol before exercise and often before I go to bed because I get wheezy.  When I was younger I was diagnosed with a heart murmur. Over a few years I had 4 echocardiograms that didn't show anything, and a few EKGs as well that came out normal. My palpitation issue isn't related to this though I don't think. Basically, occassionally when I'm doing very strenuous exercise (sprinting while playing soccer) and once while I was taking a hot shower, my heart rate climbs dramatically (definitely over 200bpm) and my heart feels all fluttery rather than beating strongly like normal, and I start feeling weird tingling in a lot of my joints, mainly my elbows. This has been happening for at least 5 years if not more. My doctor gave me a few techniques to try and get it to stop when it happens, namely bearing down as if I were trying to force a bowel movement, but nothing really works and my heart rate eventually returns to normal by itself within 5-10 minutes. Stopping whatever exercise I'm doing vs. continuing to play doesn't seem to affect when it stops. My resting heart rate is normally in the mid 40s to low 50s, which I've been told by several doctors is fine.   Two years ago when I brought the palpitation thing up to the cardiologist I was referred to by my GP, she had me wear a heart monitor for two weeks. I played as many soccer games as I could during that time, but because the issue is so intermittent and unpredictable I never managed to make it happen while I was wearing the monitor. The doctor just kind of shrugged and said if I wasn't feeling faint or collapsing when it happened and if it stopped within 15 minutes not to worry about it, none of which has happened. But it does still happen - just yesterday during a soccer game it did, for example.   Any thoughts? I generally trust the doctor that I shouldn't be too worried, but it is uncomfortable and makes me wonder if someday I will actually collapse. Thanks in advance!
8zg1sj,0,18,ADR,Heart palpitations,albuterol,albuterol,Heart palpitations for several years; doctor isn't really concerned but I'm curious! Hello! This is mostly a curiosity thing because I've been to the doctor multiple times about it and they haven't done anything. I'm a 21 year old white female living in the US, 5'6" and about 150lbs. I have seasonal allergies and asthma for which I take 10mg montelukast and 5mg levocetirizine daily, as well as albuterol before exercise and often before I go to bed because I get wheezy.  When I was younger I was diagnosed with a heart murmur. Over a few years I had 4 echocardiograms that didn't show anything, and a few EKGs as well that came out normal. My palpitation issue isn't related to this though I don't think. Basically, occassionally when I'm doing very strenuous exercise (sprinting while playing soccer) and once while I was taking a hot shower, my heart rate climbs dramatically (definitely over 200bpm) and my heart feels all fluttery rather than beating strongly like normal, and I start feeling weird tingling in a lot of my joints, mainly my elbows. This has been happening for at least 5 years if not more. My doctor gave me a few techniques to try and get it to stop when it happens, namely bearing down as if I were trying to force a bowel movement, but nothing really works and my heart rate eventually returns to normal by itself within 5-10 minutes. Stopping whatever exercise I'm doing vs. continuing to play doesn't seem to affect when it stops. My resting heart rate is normally in the mid 40s to low 50s, which I've been told by several doctors is fine.   Two years ago when I brought the palpitation thing up to the cardiologist I was referred to by my GP, she had me wear a heart monitor for two weeks. I played as many soccer games as I could during that time, but because the issue is so intermittent and unpredictable I never managed to make it happen while I was wearing the monitor. The doctor just kind of shrugged and said if I wasn't feeling faint or collapsing when it happened and if it stopped within 15 minutes not to worry about it, none of which has happened. But it does still happen - just yesterday during a soccer game it did, for example.   Any thoughts? I generally trust the doctor that I shouldn't be too worried, but it is uncomfortable and makes me wonder if someday I will actually collapse. Thanks in advance!
8zfplx,1009,1015,ADR,nausea,albuterol,albuterol,Coping like a baby I need to vent here because saying this to my partner won't actually help either of us but I need it to stop circling in my head.  Yesterday I had this awful migraine, I couldn't walk, couldn't think, my sweetheart asked how she could help and I couldn't answer, I just kept crawling towards they Tylenol since I was already on all my other migraine meds and can't take Albuterol anymore. She finally figured it out and gave it to me. Once I had taken that the pain relaxed until it was about at the level where a teen might have skipped a class for but no worse. About that time she started to get a headache. And I know it's not good or helpful to compare pain, but I keep finding myself doing it. Because she got all snappy and grumpy and I was just feeling like we were both dealing with the same level of head pain, but I wasn't acting like that. And for the past 90 days I have had 4 headache free days and a bunch of days where my headache was at that level with the fun addition of nausea and dizziness and vomiting and confusion and if I acted like that for every day I felt that small pain that used to feel big before chronic pain and chronic migraines than I would lose everything. It's so frustrating. And I often have to deal with intense belly pains every day on top of the migraines and sometimes in my brief break from migraines. I feel like a baby because after two years I still sometimes just want to be a jerk and just give in to how bad I feel. But I can't.  And then there's a whole other issue. The issue is that I keep grieving my old life, over and over and over again. Probably once a month or every few months something comes up that I can't do anymore and it feels like this huge loss. And now I can only work 4 hours a day and every time I leave work so early I feel this sense of grief and loss. Some days I wonder if I'll ever be able to grieve everything and get it all done with. It may just be that I still don't have a diagnosis and compared to a lot of you I haven't been dealing with this long and I'm still learning.  The tldr is that I'm having a rough day emotionally today I even if my pain is pretty average
8zfplx,1020,1029,ADR,dizziness,albuterol,albuterol,Coping like a baby I need to vent here because saying this to my partner won't actually help either of us but I need it to stop circling in my head.  Yesterday I had this awful migraine, I couldn't walk, couldn't think, my sweetheart asked how she could help and I couldn't answer, I just kept crawling towards they Tylenol since I was already on all my other migraine meds and can't take Albuterol anymore. She finally figured it out and gave it to me. Once I had taken that the pain relaxed until it was about at the level where a teen might have skipped a class for but no worse. About that time she started to get a headache. And I know it's not good or helpful to compare pain, but I keep finding myself doing it. Because she got all snappy and grumpy and I was just feeling like we were both dealing with the same level of head pain, but I wasn't acting like that. And for the past 90 days I have had 4 headache free days and a bunch of days where my headache was at that level with the fun addition of nausea and dizziness and vomiting and confusion and if I acted like that for every day I felt that small pain that used to feel big before chronic pain and chronic migraines than I would lose everything. It's so frustrating. And I often have to deal with intense belly pains every day on top of the migraines and sometimes in my brief break from migraines. I feel like a baby because after two years I still sometimes just want to be a jerk and just give in to how bad I feel. But I can't.  And then there's a whole other issue. The issue is that I keep grieving my old life, over and over and over again. Probably once a month or every few months something comes up that I can't do anymore and it feels like this huge loss. And now I can only work 4 hours a day and every time I leave work so early I feel this sense of grief and loss. Some days I wonder if I'll ever be able to grieve everything and get it all done with. It may just be that I still don't have a diagnosis and compared to a lot of you I haven't been dealing with this long and I'm still learning.  The tldr is that I'm having a rough day emotionally today I even if my pain is pretty average
8zfplx,1034,1042,ADR,vomiting,albuterol,albuterol,Coping like a baby I need to vent here because saying this to my partner won't actually help either of us but I need it to stop circling in my head.  Yesterday I had this awful migraine, I couldn't walk, couldn't think, my sweetheart asked how she could help and I couldn't answer, I just kept crawling towards they Tylenol since I was already on all my other migraine meds and can't take Albuterol anymore. She finally figured it out and gave it to me. Once I had taken that the pain relaxed until it was about at the level where a teen might have skipped a class for but no worse. About that time she started to get a headache. And I know it's not good or helpful to compare pain, but I keep finding myself doing it. Because she got all snappy and grumpy and I was just feeling like we were both dealing with the same level of head pain, but I wasn't acting like that. And for the past 90 days I have had 4 headache free days and a bunch of days where my headache was at that level with the fun addition of nausea and dizziness and vomiting and confusion and if I acted like that for every day I felt that small pain that used to feel big before chronic pain and chronic migraines than I would lose everything. It's so frustrating. And I often have to deal with intense belly pains every day on top of the migraines and sometimes in my brief break from migraines. I feel like a baby because after two years I still sometimes just want to be a jerk and just give in to how bad I feel. But I can't.  And then there's a whole other issue. The issue is that I keep grieving my old life, over and over and over again. Probably once a month or every few months something comes up that I can't do anymore and it feels like this huge loss. And now I can only work 4 hours a day and every time I leave work so early I feel this sense of grief and loss. Some days I wonder if I'll ever be able to grieve everything and get it all done with. It may just be that I still don't have a diagnosis and compared to a lot of you I haven't been dealing with this long and I'm still learning.  The tldr is that I'm having a rough day emotionally today I even if my pain is pretty average
8z9bnu,2792,2808,ADR,euphoric feeling,albuterol,albuterol,My three lean experiences - overdosing and almost dying 14 at the time this event occurred. Was looking for any way to get fucked. So there I was, rummaging around in my mother's medicine cabinet at 1:12am. I had found promethazine tablets, dxm, pseudoephedrine, guaifenesin, and codeine. I was filled with joy that I had *almost* hit a gold mine with the shit I had found. What I was really looking for was my mom's xanax, but I knew they were in her purse, in the room she was sleeping in. She's a light sleeper so I didn't dare go in her room to pocket a few xans. So I technically didn't hit the gold mine. Though the tokens I had obtained would do for now. Fast forward to the next week, I had felt as if it was the right time to get high. Went out and stole a bottle of sprite because yes that's how broke I was. (Believe me if I had at least $10 I would just buy weed from a friend and then call it a day.) So when I got home I waited for my mom to go to sleep, then I waited another hour when she was asleep because paranoia. 11:21pm. The hour had passed and I slithered out of my room to the kitchen trying not to wake my mom up. Took the sprite out of the freezer, grabbed the dxm, pseudoephedrine, and guaifenesin and poured about 1/3 of each bottle into a cup, poured the sprite into the cup, dropped a few ice cubes in there, and I was set. The liquids I had mixed turned into one liquid with a terrible potent smell and taste. But I had came a long way to get to this level, I was not going to back down. I took one big gulp, I wanted to puke. I stopped and ran to my room with the cup and bottle of sprite. Me being eager as fuck I texted my friend, let's call her D, that I was drinking lean but the taste was horrible. D texted back saying to stop being a bitch and just down the whole thing. I obeyed. I was mostly skeptical about the thought I would get high from this so I sat back, listened to some early 2000's rap, then blankly stared at the wall for about 45 minutes - an hour. I had gotten a heavy feeling throughout my body and suddenly got very tired. I decided to lay down and pull out my laptop to finish some schoolwork. Just 10 minutes later I couldn't keep my heavy eyelids open even if my life depended on it so I slid my laptop under my bed, adjusted myself, closed my eyes, and didn't exactly fall asleep but instead a deep thinking state. I was thinking about shit that had recently happened in my life. An hour and a half passed I realized that I should get up to see if I got high yet or if it was all just a dud. While getting up all of my limbs felt unattached and attached both at the same time. As if I were a marionette being thrown around by my marionettist. Or in other words, my marionettist was having a stroke during our show. As I stood up, a euphoric feeling rushed all throughout my body. I couldn't walk nor even stand correctly so I sat back down to register in my head what the fuck was going on. I smiled and grabbed my phone to text D and tell her that I was indeed high. I walked strugglingly to the living room, turned on all the lights, and started practicing walking. About 15 minutes later I mastered walking and gathered myself altogether mentally. I felt as if I were on top of the world. All my cares quickly evaporated. I was in my own world, nobody was there with me, I was powerful. I plugged my earbuds in my phone and started listening to more early 2000's rap, the music sounded so much clearer from earlier. It was so beautiful. I began cleaning the living room. The rest of the night was a peaceful blur. I had fallen asleep at 6am. Woke up at 5pm, I felt amazing. When my mom went to sleep, I did the same shit but with a tad bit more pseudoephedrine and dxm. I was so self-centered when my friends texted me that night, I basically told them to fuck off and leave me alone because I had thought EVERYONE was out to destroy me. Except for D. I only had a soft spot for her during that time. Being high the night before made me realize all the horrible shit everyone has done to me. But not D, she never let me down and I never let her down. So after I gulped the disgusting liquid, I knew what was going to happen already so I went to my room and lied down. But seconds later in that dark cold room, I entered an alternate universe. All I remember was that I was playing Mario Kart with fucking Mario I swear to God I was literally racing with Mario on Rainbow Road. Best hallucination I ever had from this high. Then after awhile I came back to reality because of auditory hallucinations, I kept hearing this dog bark but it the noise was very faint so it didn't bother me but rather amazed me. Everything was amazing. I decided to get up and do the same things I did the night before. But as I stood up I saw a circular piece of my carpet glowing yellow-orange, then it had turned into Shrek's face. I was like ??? so I started stomping on it and it wouldn't go away so I didn't bother anymore. Fell asleep at 4am. Woke up at about 8am dehydrated as fuck so I walked over to the kitchen for water and as I walked back to my room I was so out of breath and I didn't think much of it so I went back to bed and then maybe woke up at 2pm. Went to the store with my mom and all. Everything was normal after waking up at 2. Then when it hit 11pm, I grabbed all of the prescription drugs and thought to myself "yo take all of it to REALLY GET FUCKED". So that's what I did. Promethazine tablets, dxm, pseudoephedrine, guaifenesin, and codeine. All at once. And the dxm, pseudo, guaif, and codeine we're all in pretty big amounts. But I didn't care and poured everything into the cup, some minute maid juice, and a bunch of ice cubes. Then took 8 promethazine tablets. Don't remember the mgs but I had only taken them to get a more drowsy feeling with the high. Got high already an hour later! I felt so much more better than I did the last two nights. Everything just kept getting better and better. I danced around in the living room like a dumbass for a while and then started watching The Hangover. Went to the bathroom to wash my greasy face, the water splashing upon my face felt as if I were washing my face at a beautiful serene waterfall. That was until I paused my music and turned around to see my mom staring at me and I jumped up and yelped, I guess I woke her up from all the water splashing and she asked me why was awake and so I told her something dumb like "oh i woke up right now to get water" and she believed it, without making eye contact because I knew my eyes could tell I was VERY high. Then D texted me saying she missed me and I broke out crying because "I didn't think anyone actually cared about me and missed me" but I cry everytime I'm high like the last time I smoked weed I started crying because I thought everyone was mad at me, so I wasn't surprised I started crying. After crying I masturbated like three times, masturbating while high is very exhilarating but I masturbated to myself because I was so fucked I was convinced I was God? Went to sleep at 5am because I had nothing to do anymore. Woke up at 8am and couldn't go back to sleep. My heart was racing and I was much more out of breath. Though I was still high so I had mixed emotions. Part of me felt agonizing regret and the other part kept telling me to just try and sleep it off. But the catch was that I couldn't even sleep no matter how hard I tried because of both my heavy breathing and heart racing. I figured if I'm going to be awake at the time then I should make some fun out of it. I looked across my room at my koopa troopa plush hanging from my wall, he started moving in a rectangular shape. A few seconds later everything had just started caving in and I have no idea what happened for the next 30 minutes, I for sure didn't fall asleep but instead fell into a deep state of hallucination. Was too fucked to remember the hallucination but I know it was fun. I came back to my senses and saw my sprinkler on my ceiling crawling away. I asked "her" where was she going, she mooned me showed me her ass and then crawled away. Yes I really saw an inanimate object's ass. After that I was just laying in bed, crying. The regret really hit me after. It was already 11am, decided to call my mom from work and tell her to take me to an urgent care. She asked why. I told her I was having an asthma attack because I had thought if I go to the urgent care and say I'm having an asthma attack then they will give me albuterol for my breathing and I can just wait out the racing heart and everything would be done for. But I was wrong. My mom sped home and picked me up, then sped me to the urgent care. When I got out of the car I was leaning everywhere I walked, I really was still high. The doctor there checked my pupils and told us my pupils weren't responding to the light. I made up some BS story of how my pupils deadass been like that for months. The doc asked my mom to leave the room, then asked me if I was smoking weed. I told her "No but I did drink this uhhh uh-" she cut me off, "Drinking has nothing to d-" I cut her off back, "No no just hear me out I took some guaifenesin last night". I really didn't wanna tell her what else I took. She took me to this other room and gave me a cup to pee in. So I peed in it and gave it to her. The nurse came in the room and told the doctor not to start the drug test because my insurance didn't cover the price of the test which was $60. I told my mom not to pay cash for that and we can just go to the ER. She agreed with me. At the hospital some nurses were really cool with me, probably because they all thought I was trying to kill myself from all the shit I took but I really didn't care and I was mostly screwing around because I was still high. Oh and I didn't mention earlier but my mouth was as dry as my asshole. No saliva whatsoever. They did x rays and all that jazz. I had a high pulse. Then they took me to my room and asked me what did I take, I finally came clean and told them all of the stuff I took. This guy came in the room and said I was being honest because in the drug test it showed all of the stuff I said I took. One of the nurses questioned me as to why I took the pseudoephedrine because pseudo is used to make meth and that is also why my heart is racing and I couldn't breathe. The other nurse was putting an IV in me but he couldn't find a vein so I didn't get an IV in me after all lol. Two hours later we left the hospital, my mom and I were told I overdosed but I should be fine considering it was already passed 12 hours since I overdosed and I hadn't died yet. They seriously thought I was going to die because of how much shit I consumed. Went home and slept for 14 hours. The next day was total shit. I was having cold sweats and shaking and I was mentally really fucked up and sad. It lasted for two weeks. Don't ever get high on this shit man, you really will regret it afterwards. Oh and also it fucked up my short term memory.
8z9bnu,4445,4458,ADR,hallucination,albuterol,albuterol,My three lean experiences - overdosing and almost dying 14 at the time this event occurred. Was looking for any way to get fucked. So there I was, rummaging around in my mother's medicine cabinet at 1:12am. I had found promethazine tablets, dxm, pseudoephedrine, guaifenesin, and codeine. I was filled with joy that I had *almost* hit a gold mine with the shit I had found. What I was really looking for was my mom's xanax, but I knew they were in her purse, in the room she was sleeping in. She's a light sleeper so I didn't dare go in her room to pocket a few xans. So I technically didn't hit the gold mine. Though the tokens I had obtained would do for now. Fast forward to the next week, I had felt as if it was the right time to get high. Went out and stole a bottle of sprite because yes that's how broke I was. (Believe me if I had at least $10 I would just buy weed from a friend and then call it a day.) So when I got home I waited for my mom to go to sleep, then I waited another hour when she was asleep because paranoia. 11:21pm. The hour had passed and I slithered out of my room to the kitchen trying not to wake my mom up. Took the sprite out of the freezer, grabbed the dxm, pseudoephedrine, and guaifenesin and poured about 1/3 of each bottle into a cup, poured the sprite into the cup, dropped a few ice cubes in there, and I was set. The liquids I had mixed turned into one liquid with a terrible potent smell and taste. But I had came a long way to get to this level, I was not going to back down. I took one big gulp, I wanted to puke. I stopped and ran to my room with the cup and bottle of sprite. Me being eager as fuck I texted my friend, let's call her D, that I was drinking lean but the taste was horrible. D texted back saying to stop being a bitch and just down the whole thing. I obeyed. I was mostly skeptical about the thought I would get high from this so I sat back, listened to some early 2000's rap, then blankly stared at the wall for about 45 minutes - an hour. I had gotten a heavy feeling throughout my body and suddenly got very tired. I decided to lay down and pull out my laptop to finish some schoolwork. Just 10 minutes later I couldn't keep my heavy eyelids open even if my life depended on it so I slid my laptop under my bed, adjusted myself, closed my eyes, and didn't exactly fall asleep but instead a deep thinking state. I was thinking about shit that had recently happened in my life. An hour and a half passed I realized that I should get up to see if I got high yet or if it was all just a dud. While getting up all of my limbs felt unattached and attached both at the same time. As if I were a marionette being thrown around by my marionettist. Or in other words, my marionettist was having a stroke during our show. As I stood up, a euphoric feeling rushed all throughout my body. I couldn't walk nor even stand correctly so I sat back down to register in my head what the fuck was going on. I smiled and grabbed my phone to text D and tell her that I was indeed high. I walked strugglingly to the living room, turned on all the lights, and started practicing walking. About 15 minutes later I mastered walking and gathered myself altogether mentally. I felt as if I were on top of the world. All my cares quickly evaporated. I was in my own world, nobody was there with me, I was powerful. I plugged my earbuds in my phone and started listening to more early 2000's rap, the music sounded so much clearer from earlier. It was so beautiful. I began cleaning the living room. The rest of the night was a peaceful blur. I had fallen asleep at 6am. Woke up at 5pm, I felt amazing. When my mom went to sleep, I did the same shit but with a tad bit more pseudoephedrine and dxm. I was so self-centered when my friends texted me that night, I basically told them to fuck off and leave me alone because I had thought EVERYONE was out to destroy me. Except for D. I only had a soft spot for her during that time. Being high the night before made me realize all the horrible shit everyone has done to me. But not D, she never let me down and I never let her down. So after I gulped the disgusting liquid, I knew what was going to happen already so I went to my room and lied down. But seconds later in that dark cold room, I entered an alternate universe. All I remember was that I was playing Mario Kart with fucking Mario I swear to God I was literally racing with Mario on Rainbow Road. Best hallucination I ever had from this high. Then after awhile I came back to reality because of auditory hallucinations, I kept hearing this dog bark but it the noise was very faint so it didn't bother me but rather amazed me. Everything was amazing. I decided to get up and do the same things I did the night before. But as I stood up I saw a circular piece of my carpet glowing yellow-orange, then it had turned into Shrek's face. I was like ??? so I started stomping on it and it wouldn't go away so I didn't bother anymore. Fell asleep at 4am. Woke up at about 8am dehydrated as fuck so I walked over to the kitchen for water and as I walked back to my room I was so out of breath and I didn't think much of it so I went back to bed and then maybe woke up at 2pm. Went to the store with my mom and all. Everything was normal after waking up at 2. Then when it hit 11pm, I grabbed all of the prescription drugs and thought to myself "yo take all of it to REALLY GET FUCKED". So that's what I did. Promethazine tablets, dxm, pseudoephedrine, guaifenesin, and codeine. All at once. And the dxm, pseudo, guaif, and codeine we're all in pretty big amounts. But I didn't care and poured everything into the cup, some minute maid juice, and a bunch of ice cubes. Then took 8 promethazine tablets. Don't remember the mgs but I had only taken them to get a more drowsy feeling with the high. Got high already an hour later! I felt so much more better than I did the last two nights. Everything just kept getting better and better. I danced around in the living room like a dumbass for a while and then started watching The Hangover. Went to the bathroom to wash my greasy face, the water splashing upon my face felt as if I were washing my face at a beautiful serene waterfall. That was until I paused my music and turned around to see my mom staring at me and I jumped up and yelped, I guess I woke her up from all the water splashing and she asked me why was awake and so I told her something dumb like "oh i woke up right now to get water" and she believed it, without making eye contact because I knew my eyes could tell I was VERY high. Then D texted me saying she missed me and I broke out crying because "I didn't think anyone actually cared about me and missed me" but I cry everytime I'm high like the last time I smoked weed I started crying because I thought everyone was mad at me, so I wasn't surprised I started crying. After crying I masturbated like three times, masturbating while high is very exhilarating but I masturbated to myself because I was so fucked I was convinced I was God? Went to sleep at 5am because I had nothing to do anymore. Woke up at 8am and couldn't go back to sleep. My heart was racing and I was much more out of breath. Though I was still high so I had mixed emotions. Part of me felt agonizing regret and the other part kept telling me to just try and sleep it off. But the catch was that I couldn't even sleep no matter how hard I tried because of both my heavy breathing and heart racing. I figured if I'm going to be awake at the time then I should make some fun out of it. I looked across my room at my koopa troopa plush hanging from my wall, he started moving in a rectangular shape. A few seconds later everything had just started caving in and I have no idea what happened for the next 30 minutes, I for sure didn't fall asleep but instead fell into a deep state of hallucination. Was too fucked to remember the hallucination but I know it was fun. I came back to my senses and saw my sprinkler on my ceiling crawling away. I asked "her" where was she going, she mooned me showed me her ass and then crawled away. Yes I really saw an inanimate object's ass. After that I was just laying in bed, crying. The regret really hit me after. It was already 11am, decided to call my mom from work and tell her to take me to an urgent care. She asked why. I told her I was having an asthma attack because I had thought if I go to the urgent care and say I'm having an asthma attack then they will give me albuterol for my breathing and I can just wait out the racing heart and everything would be done for. But I was wrong. My mom sped home and picked me up, then sped me to the urgent care. When I got out of the car I was leaning everywhere I walked, I really was still high. The doctor there checked my pupils and told us my pupils weren't responding to the light. I made up some BS story of how my pupils deadass been like that for months. The doc asked my mom to leave the room, then asked me if I was smoking weed. I told her "No but I did drink this uhhh uh-" she cut me off, "Drinking has nothing to d-" I cut her off back, "No no just hear me out I took some guaifenesin last night". I really didn't wanna tell her what else I took. She took me to this other room and gave me a cup to pee in. So I peed in it and gave it to her. The nurse came in the room and told the doctor not to start the drug test because my insurance didn't cover the price of the test which was $60. I told my mom not to pay cash for that and we can just go to the ER. She agreed with me. At the hospital some nurses were really cool with me, probably because they all thought I was trying to kill myself from all the shit I took but I really didn't care and I was mostly screwing around because I was still high. Oh and I didn't mention earlier but my mouth was as dry as my asshole. No saliva whatsoever. They did x rays and all that jazz. I had a high pulse. Then they took me to my room and asked me what did I take, I finally came clean and told them all of the stuff I took. This guy came in the room and said I was being honest because in the drug test it showed all of the stuff I said I took. One of the nurses questioned me as to why I took the pseudoephedrine because pseudo is used to make meth and that is also why my heart is racing and I couldn't breathe. The other nurse was putting an IV in me but he couldn't find a vein so I didn't get an IV in me after all lol. Two hours later we left the hospital, my mom and I were told I overdosed but I should be fine considering it was already passed 12 hours since I overdosed and I hadn't died yet. They seriously thought I was going to die because of how much shit I consumed. Went home and slept for 14 hours. The next day was total shit. I was having cold sweats and shaking and I was mentally really fucked up and sad. It lasted for two weeks. Don't ever get high on this shit man, you really will regret it afterwards. Oh and also it fucked up my short term memory.
8z9bnu,5011,5021,ADR,dehydrated,albuterol,albuterol,My three lean experiences - overdosing and almost dying 14 at the time this event occurred. Was looking for any way to get fucked. So there I was, rummaging around in my mother's medicine cabinet at 1:12am. I had found promethazine tablets, dxm, pseudoephedrine, guaifenesin, and codeine. I was filled with joy that I had *almost* hit a gold mine with the shit I had found. What I was really looking for was my mom's xanax, but I knew they were in her purse, in the room she was sleeping in. She's a light sleeper so I didn't dare go in her room to pocket a few xans. So I technically didn't hit the gold mine. Though the tokens I had obtained would do for now. Fast forward to the next week, I had felt as if it was the right time to get high. Went out and stole a bottle of sprite because yes that's how broke I was. (Believe me if I had at least $10 I would just buy weed from a friend and then call it a day.) So when I got home I waited for my mom to go to sleep, then I waited another hour when she was asleep because paranoia. 11:21pm. The hour had passed and I slithered out of my room to the kitchen trying not to wake my mom up. Took the sprite out of the freezer, grabbed the dxm, pseudoephedrine, and guaifenesin and poured about 1/3 of each bottle into a cup, poured the sprite into the cup, dropped a few ice cubes in there, and I was set. The liquids I had mixed turned into one liquid with a terrible potent smell and taste. But I had came a long way to get to this level, I was not going to back down. I took one big gulp, I wanted to puke. I stopped and ran to my room with the cup and bottle of sprite. Me being eager as fuck I texted my friend, let's call her D, that I was drinking lean but the taste was horrible. D texted back saying to stop being a bitch and just down the whole thing. I obeyed. I was mostly skeptical about the thought I would get high from this so I sat back, listened to some early 2000's rap, then blankly stared at the wall for about 45 minutes - an hour. I had gotten a heavy feeling throughout my body and suddenly got very tired. I decided to lay down and pull out my laptop to finish some schoolwork. Just 10 minutes later I couldn't keep my heavy eyelids open even if my life depended on it so I slid my laptop under my bed, adjusted myself, closed my eyes, and didn't exactly fall asleep but instead a deep thinking state. I was thinking about shit that had recently happened in my life. An hour and a half passed I realized that I should get up to see if I got high yet or if it was all just a dud. While getting up all of my limbs felt unattached and attached both at the same time. As if I were a marionette being thrown around by my marionettist. Or in other words, my marionettist was having a stroke during our show. As I stood up, a euphoric feeling rushed all throughout my body. I couldn't walk nor even stand correctly so I sat back down to register in my head what the fuck was going on. I smiled and grabbed my phone to text D and tell her that I was indeed high. I walked strugglingly to the living room, turned on all the lights, and started practicing walking. About 15 minutes later I mastered walking and gathered myself altogether mentally. I felt as if I were on top of the world. All my cares quickly evaporated. I was in my own world, nobody was there with me, I was powerful. I plugged my earbuds in my phone and started listening to more early 2000's rap, the music sounded so much clearer from earlier. It was so beautiful. I began cleaning the living room. The rest of the night was a peaceful blur. I had fallen asleep at 6am. Woke up at 5pm, I felt amazing. When my mom went to sleep, I did the same shit but with a tad bit more pseudoephedrine and dxm. I was so self-centered when my friends texted me that night, I basically told them to fuck off and leave me alone because I had thought EVERYONE was out to destroy me. Except for D. I only had a soft spot for her during that time. Being high the night before made me realize all the horrible shit everyone has done to me. But not D, she never let me down and I never let her down. So after I gulped the disgusting liquid, I knew what was going to happen already so I went to my room and lied down. But seconds later in that dark cold room, I entered an alternate universe. All I remember was that I was playing Mario Kart with fucking Mario I swear to God I was literally racing with Mario on Rainbow Road. Best hallucination I ever had from this high. Then after awhile I came back to reality because of auditory hallucinations, I kept hearing this dog bark but it the noise was very faint so it didn't bother me but rather amazed me. Everything was amazing. I decided to get up and do the same things I did the night before. But as I stood up I saw a circular piece of my carpet glowing yellow-orange, then it had turned into Shrek's face. I was like ??? so I started stomping on it and it wouldn't go away so I didn't bother anymore. Fell asleep at 4am. Woke up at about 8am dehydrated as fuck so I walked over to the kitchen for water and as I walked back to my room I was so out of breath and I didn't think much of it so I went back to bed and then maybe woke up at 2pm. Went to the store with my mom and all. Everything was normal after waking up at 2. Then when it hit 11pm, I grabbed all of the prescription drugs and thought to myself "yo take all of it to REALLY GET FUCKED". So that's what I did. Promethazine tablets, dxm, pseudoephedrine, guaifenesin, and codeine. All at once. And the dxm, pseudo, guaif, and codeine we're all in pretty big amounts. But I didn't care and poured everything into the cup, some minute maid juice, and a bunch of ice cubes. Then took 8 promethazine tablets. Don't remember the mgs but I had only taken them to get a more drowsy feeling with the high. Got high already an hour later! I felt so much more better than I did the last two nights. Everything just kept getting better and better. I danced around in the living room like a dumbass for a while and then started watching The Hangover. Went to the bathroom to wash my greasy face, the water splashing upon my face felt as if I were washing my face at a beautiful serene waterfall. That was until I paused my music and turned around to see my mom staring at me and I jumped up and yelped, I guess I woke her up from all the water splashing and she asked me why was awake and so I told her something dumb like "oh i woke up right now to get water" and she believed it, without making eye contact because I knew my eyes could tell I was VERY high. Then D texted me saying she missed me and I broke out crying because "I didn't think anyone actually cared about me and missed me" but I cry everytime I'm high like the last time I smoked weed I started crying because I thought everyone was mad at me, so I wasn't surprised I started crying. After crying I masturbated like three times, masturbating while high is very exhilarating but I masturbated to myself because I was so fucked I was convinced I was God? Went to sleep at 5am because I had nothing to do anymore. Woke up at 8am and couldn't go back to sleep. My heart was racing and I was much more out of breath. Though I was still high so I had mixed emotions. Part of me felt agonizing regret and the other part kept telling me to just try and sleep it off. But the catch was that I couldn't even sleep no matter how hard I tried because of both my heavy breathing and heart racing. I figured if I'm going to be awake at the time then I should make some fun out of it. I looked across my room at my koopa troopa plush hanging from my wall, he started moving in a rectangular shape. A few seconds later everything had just started caving in and I have no idea what happened for the next 30 minutes, I for sure didn't fall asleep but instead fell into a deep state of hallucination. Was too fucked to remember the hallucination but I know it was fun. I came back to my senses and saw my sprinkler on my ceiling crawling away. I asked "her" where was she going, she mooned me showed me her ass and then crawled away. Yes I really saw an inanimate object's ass. After that I was just laying in bed, crying. The regret really hit me after. It was already 11am, decided to call my mom from work and tell her to take me to an urgent care. She asked why. I told her I was having an asthma attack because I had thought if I go to the urgent care and say I'm having an asthma attack then they will give me albuterol for my breathing and I can just wait out the racing heart and everything would be done for. But I was wrong. My mom sped home and picked me up, then sped me to the urgent care. When I got out of the car I was leaning everywhere I walked, I really was still high. The doctor there checked my pupils and told us my pupils weren't responding to the light. I made up some BS story of how my pupils deadass been like that for months. The doc asked my mom to leave the room, then asked me if I was smoking weed. I told her "No but I did drink this uhhh uh-" she cut me off, "Drinking has nothing to d-" I cut her off back, "No no just hear me out I took some guaifenesin last night". I really didn't wanna tell her what else I took. She took me to this other room and gave me a cup to pee in. So I peed in it and gave it to her. The nurse came in the room and told the doctor not to start the drug test because my insurance didn't cover the price of the test which was $60. I told my mom not to pay cash for that and we can just go to the ER. She agreed with me. At the hospital some nurses were really cool with me, probably because they all thought I was trying to kill myself from all the shit I took but I really didn't care and I was mostly screwing around because I was still high. Oh and I didn't mention earlier but my mouth was as dry as my asshole. No saliva whatsoever. They did x rays and all that jazz. I had a high pulse. Then they took me to my room and asked me what did I take, I finally came clean and told them all of the stuff I took. This guy came in the room and said I was being honest because in the drug test it showed all of the stuff I said I took. One of the nurses questioned me as to why I took the pseudoephedrine because pseudo is used to make meth and that is also why my heart is racing and I couldn't breathe. The other nurse was putting an IV in me but he couldn't find a vein so I didn't get an IV in me after all lol. Two hours later we left the hospital, my mom and I were told I overdosed but I should be fine considering it was already passed 12 hours since I overdosed and I hadn't died yet. They seriously thought I was going to die because of how much shit I consumed. Went home and slept for 14 hours. The next day was total shit. I was having cold sweats and shaking and I was mentally really fucked up and sad. It lasted for two weeks. Don't ever get high on this shit man, you really will regret it afterwards. Oh and also it fucked up my short term memory.
8z9bnu,10293,10308,ADR,heart is racing,albuterol,albuterol,My three lean experiences - overdosing and almost dying 14 at the time this event occurred. Was looking for any way to get fucked. So there I was, rummaging around in my mother's medicine cabinet at 1:12am. I had found promethazine tablets, dxm, pseudoephedrine, guaifenesin, and codeine. I was filled with joy that I had *almost* hit a gold mine with the shit I had found. What I was really looking for was my mom's xanax, but I knew they were in her purse, in the room she was sleeping in. She's a light sleeper so I didn't dare go in her room to pocket a few xans. So I technically didn't hit the gold mine. Though the tokens I had obtained would do for now. Fast forward to the next week, I had felt as if it was the right time to get high. Went out and stole a bottle of sprite because yes that's how broke I was. (Believe me if I had at least $10 I would just buy weed from a friend and then call it a day.) So when I got home I waited for my mom to go to sleep, then I waited another hour when she was asleep because paranoia. 11:21pm. The hour had passed and I slithered out of my room to the kitchen trying not to wake my mom up. Took the sprite out of the freezer, grabbed the dxm, pseudoephedrine, and guaifenesin and poured about 1/3 of each bottle into a cup, poured the sprite into the cup, dropped a few ice cubes in there, and I was set. The liquids I had mixed turned into one liquid with a terrible potent smell and taste. But I had came a long way to get to this level, I was not going to back down. I took one big gulp, I wanted to puke. I stopped and ran to my room with the cup and bottle of sprite. Me being eager as fuck I texted my friend, let's call her D, that I was drinking lean but the taste was horrible. D texted back saying to stop being a bitch and just down the whole thing. I obeyed. I was mostly skeptical about the thought I would get high from this so I sat back, listened to some early 2000's rap, then blankly stared at the wall for about 45 minutes - an hour. I had gotten a heavy feeling throughout my body and suddenly got very tired. I decided to lay down and pull out my laptop to finish some schoolwork. Just 10 minutes later I couldn't keep my heavy eyelids open even if my life depended on it so I slid my laptop under my bed, adjusted myself, closed my eyes, and didn't exactly fall asleep but instead a deep thinking state. I was thinking about shit that had recently happened in my life. An hour and a half passed I realized that I should get up to see if I got high yet or if it was all just a dud. While getting up all of my limbs felt unattached and attached both at the same time. As if I were a marionette being thrown around by my marionettist. Or in other words, my marionettist was having a stroke during our show. As I stood up, a euphoric feeling rushed all throughout my body. I couldn't walk nor even stand correctly so I sat back down to register in my head what the fuck was going on. I smiled and grabbed my phone to text D and tell her that I was indeed high. I walked strugglingly to the living room, turned on all the lights, and started practicing walking. About 15 minutes later I mastered walking and gathered myself altogether mentally. I felt as if I were on top of the world. All my cares quickly evaporated. I was in my own world, nobody was there with me, I was powerful. I plugged my earbuds in my phone and started listening to more early 2000's rap, the music sounded so much clearer from earlier. It was so beautiful. I began cleaning the living room. The rest of the night was a peaceful blur. I had fallen asleep at 6am. Woke up at 5pm, I felt amazing. When my mom went to sleep, I did the same shit but with a tad bit more pseudoephedrine and dxm. I was so self-centered when my friends texted me that night, I basically told them to fuck off and leave me alone because I had thought EVERYONE was out to destroy me. Except for D. I only had a soft spot for her during that time. Being high the night before made me realize all the horrible shit everyone has done to me. But not D, she never let me down and I never let her down. So after I gulped the disgusting liquid, I knew what was going to happen already so I went to my room and lied down. But seconds later in that dark cold room, I entered an alternate universe. All I remember was that I was playing Mario Kart with fucking Mario I swear to God I was literally racing with Mario on Rainbow Road. Best hallucination I ever had from this high. Then after awhile I came back to reality because of auditory hallucinations, I kept hearing this dog bark but it the noise was very faint so it didn't bother me but rather amazed me. Everything was amazing. I decided to get up and do the same things I did the night before. But as I stood up I saw a circular piece of my carpet glowing yellow-orange, then it had turned into Shrek's face. I was like ??? so I started stomping on it and it wouldn't go away so I didn't bother anymore. Fell asleep at 4am. Woke up at about 8am dehydrated as fuck so I walked over to the kitchen for water and as I walked back to my room I was so out of breath and I didn't think much of it so I went back to bed and then maybe woke up at 2pm. Went to the store with my mom and all. Everything was normal after waking up at 2. Then when it hit 11pm, I grabbed all of the prescription drugs and thought to myself "yo take all of it to REALLY GET FUCKED". So that's what I did. Promethazine tablets, dxm, pseudoephedrine, guaifenesin, and codeine. All at once. And the dxm, pseudo, guaif, and codeine we're all in pretty big amounts. But I didn't care and poured everything into the cup, some minute maid juice, and a bunch of ice cubes. Then took 8 promethazine tablets. Don't remember the mgs but I had only taken them to get a more drowsy feeling with the high. Got high already an hour later! I felt so much more better than I did the last two nights. Everything just kept getting better and better. I danced around in the living room like a dumbass for a while and then started watching The Hangover. Went to the bathroom to wash my greasy face, the water splashing upon my face felt as if I were washing my face at a beautiful serene waterfall. That was until I paused my music and turned around to see my mom staring at me and I jumped up and yelped, I guess I woke her up from all the water splashing and she asked me why was awake and so I told her something dumb like "oh i woke up right now to get water" and she believed it, without making eye contact because I knew my eyes could tell I was VERY high. Then D texted me saying she missed me and I broke out crying because "I didn't think anyone actually cared about me and missed me" but I cry everytime I'm high like the last time I smoked weed I started crying because I thought everyone was mad at me, so I wasn't surprised I started crying. After crying I masturbated like three times, masturbating while high is very exhilarating but I masturbated to myself because I was so fucked I was convinced I was God? Went to sleep at 5am because I had nothing to do anymore. Woke up at 8am and couldn't go back to sleep. My heart was racing and I was much more out of breath. Though I was still high so I had mixed emotions. Part of me felt agonizing regret and the other part kept telling me to just try and sleep it off. But the catch was that I couldn't even sleep no matter how hard I tried because of both my heavy breathing and heart racing. I figured if I'm going to be awake at the time then I should make some fun out of it. I looked across my room at my koopa troopa plush hanging from my wall, he started moving in a rectangular shape. A few seconds later everything had just started caving in and I have no idea what happened for the next 30 minutes, I for sure didn't fall asleep but instead fell into a deep state of hallucination. Was too fucked to remember the hallucination but I know it was fun. I came back to my senses and saw my sprinkler on my ceiling crawling away. I asked "her" where was she going, she mooned me showed me her ass and then crawled away. Yes I really saw an inanimate object's ass. After that I was just laying in bed, crying. The regret really hit me after. It was already 11am, decided to call my mom from work and tell her to take me to an urgent care. She asked why. I told her I was having an asthma attack because I had thought if I go to the urgent care and say I'm having an asthma attack then they will give me albuterol for my breathing and I can just wait out the racing heart and everything would be done for. But I was wrong. My mom sped home and picked me up, then sped me to the urgent care. When I got out of the car I was leaning everywhere I walked, I really was still high. The doctor there checked my pupils and told us my pupils weren't responding to the light. I made up some BS story of how my pupils deadass been like that for months. The doc asked my mom to leave the room, then asked me if I was smoking weed. I told her "No but I did drink this uhhh uh-" she cut me off, "Drinking has nothing to d-" I cut her off back, "No no just hear me out I took some guaifenesin last night". I really didn't wanna tell her what else I took. She took me to this other room and gave me a cup to pee in. So I peed in it and gave it to her. The nurse came in the room and told the doctor not to start the drug test because my insurance didn't cover the price of the test which was $60. I told my mom not to pay cash for that and we can just go to the ER. She agreed with me. At the hospital some nurses were really cool with me, probably because they all thought I was trying to kill myself from all the shit I took but I really didn't care and I was mostly screwing around because I was still high. Oh and I didn't mention earlier but my mouth was as dry as my asshole. No saliva whatsoever. They did x rays and all that jazz. I had a high pulse. Then they took me to my room and asked me what did I take, I finally came clean and told them all of the stuff I took. This guy came in the room and said I was being honest because in the drug test it showed all of the stuff I said I took. One of the nurses questioned me as to why I took the pseudoephedrine because pseudo is used to make meth and that is also why my heart is racing and I couldn't breathe. The other nurse was putting an IV in me but he couldn't find a vein so I didn't get an IV in me after all lol. Two hours later we left the hospital, my mom and I were told I overdosed but I should be fine considering it was already passed 12 hours since I overdosed and I hadn't died yet. They seriously thought I was going to die because of how much shit I consumed. Went home and slept for 14 hours. The next day was total shit. I was having cold sweats and shaking and I was mentally really fucked up and sad. It lasted for two weeks. Don't ever get high on this shit man, you really will regret it afterwards. Oh and also it fucked up my short term memory.
8z9bnu,10782,10788,ADR,sweats,albuterol,albuterol,My three lean experiences - overdosing and almost dying 14 at the time this event occurred. Was looking for any way to get fucked. So there I was, rummaging around in my mother's medicine cabinet at 1:12am. I had found promethazine tablets, dxm, pseudoephedrine, guaifenesin, and codeine. I was filled with joy that I had *almost* hit a gold mine with the shit I had found. What I was really looking for was my mom's xanax, but I knew they were in her purse, in the room she was sleeping in. She's a light sleeper so I didn't dare go in her room to pocket a few xans. So I technically didn't hit the gold mine. Though the tokens I had obtained would do for now. Fast forward to the next week, I had felt as if it was the right time to get high. Went out and stole a bottle of sprite because yes that's how broke I was. (Believe me if I had at least $10 I would just buy weed from a friend and then call it a day.) So when I got home I waited for my mom to go to sleep, then I waited another hour when she was asleep because paranoia. 11:21pm. The hour had passed and I slithered out of my room to the kitchen trying not to wake my mom up. Took the sprite out of the freezer, grabbed the dxm, pseudoephedrine, and guaifenesin and poured about 1/3 of each bottle into a cup, poured the sprite into the cup, dropped a few ice cubes in there, and I was set. The liquids I had mixed turned into one liquid with a terrible potent smell and taste. But I had came a long way to get to this level, I was not going to back down. I took one big gulp, I wanted to puke. I stopped and ran to my room with the cup and bottle of sprite. Me being eager as fuck I texted my friend, let's call her D, that I was drinking lean but the taste was horrible. D texted back saying to stop being a bitch and just down the whole thing. I obeyed. I was mostly skeptical about the thought I would get high from this so I sat back, listened to some early 2000's rap, then blankly stared at the wall for about 45 minutes - an hour. I had gotten a heavy feeling throughout my body and suddenly got very tired. I decided to lay down and pull out my laptop to finish some schoolwork. Just 10 minutes later I couldn't keep my heavy eyelids open even if my life depended on it so I slid my laptop under my bed, adjusted myself, closed my eyes, and didn't exactly fall asleep but instead a deep thinking state. I was thinking about shit that had recently happened in my life. An hour and a half passed I realized that I should get up to see if I got high yet or if it was all just a dud. While getting up all of my limbs felt unattached and attached both at the same time. As if I were a marionette being thrown around by my marionettist. Or in other words, my marionettist was having a stroke during our show. As I stood up, a euphoric feeling rushed all throughout my body. I couldn't walk nor even stand correctly so I sat back down to register in my head what the fuck was going on. I smiled and grabbed my phone to text D and tell her that I was indeed high. I walked strugglingly to the living room, turned on all the lights, and started practicing walking. About 15 minutes later I mastered walking and gathered myself altogether mentally. I felt as if I were on top of the world. All my cares quickly evaporated. I was in my own world, nobody was there with me, I was powerful. I plugged my earbuds in my phone and started listening to more early 2000's rap, the music sounded so much clearer from earlier. It was so beautiful. I began cleaning the living room. The rest of the night was a peaceful blur. I had fallen asleep at 6am. Woke up at 5pm, I felt amazing. When my mom went to sleep, I did the same shit but with a tad bit more pseudoephedrine and dxm. I was so self-centered when my friends texted me that night, I basically told them to fuck off and leave me alone because I had thought EVERYONE was out to destroy me. Except for D. I only had a soft spot for her during that time. Being high the night before made me realize all the horrible shit everyone has done to me. But not D, she never let me down and I never let her down. So after I gulped the disgusting liquid, I knew what was going to happen already so I went to my room and lied down. But seconds later in that dark cold room, I entered an alternate universe. All I remember was that I was playing Mario Kart with fucking Mario I swear to God I was literally racing with Mario on Rainbow Road. Best hallucination I ever had from this high. Then after awhile I came back to reality because of auditory hallucinations, I kept hearing this dog bark but it the noise was very faint so it didn't bother me but rather amazed me. Everything was amazing. I decided to get up and do the same things I did the night before. But as I stood up I saw a circular piece of my carpet glowing yellow-orange, then it had turned into Shrek's face. I was like ??? so I started stomping on it and it wouldn't go away so I didn't bother anymore. Fell asleep at 4am. Woke up at about 8am dehydrated as fuck so I walked over to the kitchen for water and as I walked back to my room I was so out of breath and I didn't think much of it so I went back to bed and then maybe woke up at 2pm. Went to the store with my mom and all. Everything was normal after waking up at 2. Then when it hit 11pm, I grabbed all of the prescription drugs and thought to myself "yo take all of it to REALLY GET FUCKED". So that's what I did. Promethazine tablets, dxm, pseudoephedrine, guaifenesin, and codeine. All at once. And the dxm, pseudo, guaif, and codeine we're all in pretty big amounts. But I didn't care and poured everything into the cup, some minute maid juice, and a bunch of ice cubes. Then took 8 promethazine tablets. Don't remember the mgs but I had only taken them to get a more drowsy feeling with the high. Got high already an hour later! I felt so much more better than I did the last two nights. Everything just kept getting better and better. I danced around in the living room like a dumbass for a while and then started watching The Hangover. Went to the bathroom to wash my greasy face, the water splashing upon my face felt as if I were washing my face at a beautiful serene waterfall. That was until I paused my music and turned around to see my mom staring at me and I jumped up and yelped, I guess I woke her up from all the water splashing and she asked me why was awake and so I told her something dumb like "oh i woke up right now to get water" and she believed it, without making eye contact because I knew my eyes could tell I was VERY high. Then D texted me saying she missed me and I broke out crying because "I didn't think anyone actually cared about me and missed me" but I cry everytime I'm high like the last time I smoked weed I started crying because I thought everyone was mad at me, so I wasn't surprised I started crying. After crying I masturbated like three times, masturbating while high is very exhilarating but I masturbated to myself because I was so fucked I was convinced I was God? Went to sleep at 5am because I had nothing to do anymore. Woke up at 8am and couldn't go back to sleep. My heart was racing and I was much more out of breath. Though I was still high so I had mixed emotions. Part of me felt agonizing regret and the other part kept telling me to just try and sleep it off. But the catch was that I couldn't even sleep no matter how hard I tried because of both my heavy breathing and heart racing. I figured if I'm going to be awake at the time then I should make some fun out of it. I looked across my room at my koopa troopa plush hanging from my wall, he started moving in a rectangular shape. A few seconds later everything had just started caving in and I have no idea what happened for the next 30 minutes, I for sure didn't fall asleep but instead fell into a deep state of hallucination. Was too fucked to remember the hallucination but I know it was fun. I came back to my senses and saw my sprinkler on my ceiling crawling away. I asked "her" where was she going, she mooned me showed me her ass and then crawled away. Yes I really saw an inanimate object's ass. After that I was just laying in bed, crying. The regret really hit me after. It was already 11am, decided to call my mom from work and tell her to take me to an urgent care. She asked why. I told her I was having an asthma attack because I had thought if I go to the urgent care and say I'm having an asthma attack then they will give me albuterol for my breathing and I can just wait out the racing heart and everything would be done for. But I was wrong. My mom sped home and picked me up, then sped me to the urgent care. When I got out of the car I was leaning everywhere I walked, I really was still high. The doctor there checked my pupils and told us my pupils weren't responding to the light. I made up some BS story of how my pupils deadass been like that for months. The doc asked my mom to leave the room, then asked me if I was smoking weed. I told her "No but I did drink this uhhh uh-" she cut me off, "Drinking has nothing to d-" I cut her off back, "No no just hear me out I took some guaifenesin last night". I really didn't wanna tell her what else I took. She took me to this other room and gave me a cup to pee in. So I peed in it and gave it to her. The nurse came in the room and told the doctor not to start the drug test because my insurance didn't cover the price of the test which was $60. I told my mom not to pay cash for that and we can just go to the ER. She agreed with me. At the hospital some nurses were really cool with me, probably because they all thought I was trying to kill myself from all the shit I took but I really didn't care and I was mostly screwing around because I was still high. Oh and I didn't mention earlier but my mouth was as dry as my asshole. No saliva whatsoever. They did x rays and all that jazz. I had a high pulse. Then they took me to my room and asked me what did I take, I finally came clean and told them all of the stuff I took. This guy came in the room and said I was being honest because in the drug test it showed all of the stuff I said I took. One of the nurses questioned me as to why I took the pseudoephedrine because pseudo is used to make meth and that is also why my heart is racing and I couldn't breathe. The other nurse was putting an IV in me but he couldn't find a vein so I didn't get an IV in me after all lol. Two hours later we left the hospital, my mom and I were told I overdosed but I should be fine considering it was already passed 12 hours since I overdosed and I hadn't died yet. They seriously thought I was going to die because of how much shit I consumed. Went home and slept for 14 hours. The next day was total shit. I was having cold sweats and shaking and I was mentally really fucked up and sad. It lasted for two weeks. Don't ever get high on this shit man, you really will regret it afterwards. Oh and also it fucked up my short term memory.
8z9bnu,10793,10800,ADR,shaking,albuterol,albuterol,My three lean experiences - overdosing and almost dying 14 at the time this event occurred. Was looking for any way to get fucked. So there I was, rummaging around in my mother's medicine cabinet at 1:12am. I had found promethazine tablets, dxm, pseudoephedrine, guaifenesin, and codeine. I was filled with joy that I had *almost* hit a gold mine with the shit I had found. What I was really looking for was my mom's xanax, but I knew they were in her purse, in the room she was sleeping in. She's a light sleeper so I didn't dare go in her room to pocket a few xans. So I technically didn't hit the gold mine. Though the tokens I had obtained would do for now. Fast forward to the next week, I had felt as if it was the right time to get high. Went out and stole a bottle of sprite because yes that's how broke I was. (Believe me if I had at least $10 I would just buy weed from a friend and then call it a day.) So when I got home I waited for my mom to go to sleep, then I waited another hour when she was asleep because paranoia. 11:21pm. The hour had passed and I slithered out of my room to the kitchen trying not to wake my mom up. Took the sprite out of the freezer, grabbed the dxm, pseudoephedrine, and guaifenesin and poured about 1/3 of each bottle into a cup, poured the sprite into the cup, dropped a few ice cubes in there, and I was set. The liquids I had mixed turned into one liquid with a terrible potent smell and taste. But I had came a long way to get to this level, I was not going to back down. I took one big gulp, I wanted to puke. I stopped and ran to my room with the cup and bottle of sprite. Me being eager as fuck I texted my friend, let's call her D, that I was drinking lean but the taste was horrible. D texted back saying to stop being a bitch and just down the whole thing. I obeyed. I was mostly skeptical about the thought I would get high from this so I sat back, listened to some early 2000's rap, then blankly stared at the wall for about 45 minutes - an hour. I had gotten a heavy feeling throughout my body and suddenly got very tired. I decided to lay down and pull out my laptop to finish some schoolwork. Just 10 minutes later I couldn't keep my heavy eyelids open even if my life depended on it so I slid my laptop under my bed, adjusted myself, closed my eyes, and didn't exactly fall asleep but instead a deep thinking state. I was thinking about shit that had recently happened in my life. An hour and a half passed I realized that I should get up to see if I got high yet or if it was all just a dud. While getting up all of my limbs felt unattached and attached both at the same time. As if I were a marionette being thrown around by my marionettist. Or in other words, my marionettist was having a stroke during our show. As I stood up, a euphoric feeling rushed all throughout my body. I couldn't walk nor even stand correctly so I sat back down to register in my head what the fuck was going on. I smiled and grabbed my phone to text D and tell her that I was indeed high. I walked strugglingly to the living room, turned on all the lights, and started practicing walking. About 15 minutes later I mastered walking and gathered myself altogether mentally. I felt as if I were on top of the world. All my cares quickly evaporated. I was in my own world, nobody was there with me, I was powerful. I plugged my earbuds in my phone and started listening to more early 2000's rap, the music sounded so much clearer from earlier. It was so beautiful. I began cleaning the living room. The rest of the night was a peaceful blur. I had fallen asleep at 6am. Woke up at 5pm, I felt amazing. When my mom went to sleep, I did the same shit but with a tad bit more pseudoephedrine and dxm. I was so self-centered when my friends texted me that night, I basically told them to fuck off and leave me alone because I had thought EVERYONE was out to destroy me. Except for D. I only had a soft spot for her during that time. Being high the night before made me realize all the horrible shit everyone has done to me. But not D, she never let me down and I never let her down. So after I gulped the disgusting liquid, I knew what was going to happen already so I went to my room and lied down. But seconds later in that dark cold room, I entered an alternate universe. All I remember was that I was playing Mario Kart with fucking Mario I swear to God I was literally racing with Mario on Rainbow Road. Best hallucination I ever had from this high. Then after awhile I came back to reality because of auditory hallucinations, I kept hearing this dog bark but it the noise was very faint so it didn't bother me but rather amazed me. Everything was amazing. I decided to get up and do the same things I did the night before. But as I stood up I saw a circular piece of my carpet glowing yellow-orange, then it had turned into Shrek's face. I was like ??? so I started stomping on it and it wouldn't go away so I didn't bother anymore. Fell asleep at 4am. Woke up at about 8am dehydrated as fuck so I walked over to the kitchen for water and as I walked back to my room I was so out of breath and I didn't think much of it so I went back to bed and then maybe woke up at 2pm. Went to the store with my mom and all. Everything was normal after waking up at 2. Then when it hit 11pm, I grabbed all of the prescription drugs and thought to myself "yo take all of it to REALLY GET FUCKED". So that's what I did. Promethazine tablets, dxm, pseudoephedrine, guaifenesin, and codeine. All at once. And the dxm, pseudo, guaif, and codeine we're all in pretty big amounts. But I didn't care and poured everything into the cup, some minute maid juice, and a bunch of ice cubes. Then took 8 promethazine tablets. Don't remember the mgs but I had only taken them to get a more drowsy feeling with the high. Got high already an hour later! I felt so much more better than I did the last two nights. Everything just kept getting better and better. I danced around in the living room like a dumbass for a while and then started watching The Hangover. Went to the bathroom to wash my greasy face, the water splashing upon my face felt as if I were washing my face at a beautiful serene waterfall. That was until I paused my music and turned around to see my mom staring at me and I jumped up and yelped, I guess I woke her up from all the water splashing and she asked me why was awake and so I told her something dumb like "oh i woke up right now to get water" and she believed it, without making eye contact because I knew my eyes could tell I was VERY high. Then D texted me saying she missed me and I broke out crying because "I didn't think anyone actually cared about me and missed me" but I cry everytime I'm high like the last time I smoked weed I started crying because I thought everyone was mad at me, so I wasn't surprised I started crying. After crying I masturbated like three times, masturbating while high is very exhilarating but I masturbated to myself because I was so fucked I was convinced I was God? Went to sleep at 5am because I had nothing to do anymore. Woke up at 8am and couldn't go back to sleep. My heart was racing and I was much more out of breath. Though I was still high so I had mixed emotions. Part of me felt agonizing regret and the other part kept telling me to just try and sleep it off. But the catch was that I couldn't even sleep no matter how hard I tried because of both my heavy breathing and heart racing. I figured if I'm going to be awake at the time then I should make some fun out of it. I looked across my room at my koopa troopa plush hanging from my wall, he started moving in a rectangular shape. A few seconds later everything had just started caving in and I have no idea what happened for the next 30 minutes, I for sure didn't fall asleep but instead fell into a deep state of hallucination. Was too fucked to remember the hallucination but I know it was fun. I came back to my senses and saw my sprinkler on my ceiling crawling away. I asked "her" where was she going, she mooned me showed me her ass and then crawled away. Yes I really saw an inanimate object's ass. After that I was just laying in bed, crying. The regret really hit me after. It was already 11am, decided to call my mom from work and tell her to take me to an urgent care. She asked why. I told her I was having an asthma attack because I had thought if I go to the urgent care and say I'm having an asthma attack then they will give me albuterol for my breathing and I can just wait out the racing heart and everything would be done for. But I was wrong. My mom sped home and picked me up, then sped me to the urgent care. When I got out of the car I was leaning everywhere I walked, I really was still high. The doctor there checked my pupils and told us my pupils weren't responding to the light. I made up some BS story of how my pupils deadass been like that for months. The doc asked my mom to leave the room, then asked me if I was smoking weed. I told her "No but I did drink this uhhh uh-" she cut me off, "Drinking has nothing to d-" I cut her off back, "No no just hear me out I took some guaifenesin last night". I really didn't wanna tell her what else I took. She took me to this other room and gave me a cup to pee in. So I peed in it and gave it to her. The nurse came in the room and told the doctor not to start the drug test because my insurance didn't cover the price of the test which was $60. I told my mom not to pay cash for that and we can just go to the ER. She agreed with me. At the hospital some nurses were really cool with me, probably because they all thought I was trying to kill myself from all the shit I took but I really didn't care and I was mostly screwing around because I was still high. Oh and I didn't mention earlier but my mouth was as dry as my asshole. No saliva whatsoever. They did x rays and all that jazz. I had a high pulse. Then they took me to my room and asked me what did I take, I finally came clean and told them all of the stuff I took. This guy came in the room and said I was being honest because in the drug test it showed all of the stuff I said I took. One of the nurses questioned me as to why I took the pseudoephedrine because pseudo is used to make meth and that is also why my heart is racing and I couldn't breathe. The other nurse was putting an IV in me but he couldn't find a vein so I didn't get an IV in me after all lol. Two hours later we left the hospital, my mom and I were told I overdosed but I should be fine considering it was already passed 12 hours since I overdosed and I hadn't died yet. They seriously thought I was going to die because of how much shit I consumed. Went home and slept for 14 hours. The next day was total shit. I was having cold sweats and shaking and I was mentally really fucked up and sad. It lasted for two weeks. Don't ever get high on this shit man, you really will regret it afterwards. Oh and also it fucked up my short term memory.
8z67q0,148,157,ADR,tolerance,albuterol,albuterol,Feeling nothing after taking two lines a total of 1 hour and 10 minutes ago? I took 2 lines of amphetamine (speed) a total of 180mg and I have some tolerance, but I feel nothing right now..  Yesterday I took 1 claratin 5mg, 25mg of ephedrine, 2.5mg of albuterol, 50mg of benadryl and 25-30mg of DXM   I had an asthma attack due to being around cats, could any of that effect anything?
8yrsm6,21,27,ADR,shakes,albuterol,albuterol,Get rid of albuterol shakes? I have to use a nebulizer with albuterol and they give me really bad shakes that last for about an hour. Anyway I can prevent it?
8y0f0i,604,622,ADR,stomach would ache,effexor,effexor,Antidepressant treatment for IBS wearing off?? I started taking effexor, an antidepressant known to cause constipation, in January for my IBS-D and depression. Within the first day of taking the effexor my conditions got significantly better and since then I’ve had nearly constant solid, consistent bowel movements. I was able to reintroduce things like coffee, bread, and dairy yogurt back into my diet with no symptoms except for some gas. In the past week, though, I’ve been having a flare up. Most mornings I haven’t had diarrhea but there have been some where I have and for the rest of the day my stomach would ache. I probably have just eaten something that doesn’t agree with me (I think shitty quality nut milk with a ton of gross additives), but I’m terrified that the effexor is maybe not working for my IBS anymore. I feel like I just got my life back.  Has anyone else had any experience with a treatment’s effectiveness wearing off or with a random flare up during treatment? I’m just not sure if or how this should happen.
8yc887,550,558,ADR,sweating,geodon,geodon,I am not okay I have 2 stressful meetings today. My 10 was all yelling with 20% directed to me. I got put on 2 subteams as an outcome but basically everyone thinks I broke something and I didn’t. I even sent proof I didn’t.   My 2 is to go over my bad review. I emailed with my argument for why I should get a better score. I don’t know how the voice meeting will go but I’m bad at confrontation.   My neck hurt from my car accident so I took the naproxen and muscle relaxer. I started hallucinating so I took a 20 of geodon.   I’m just sitting here sweating and having tremors. I feel really like not okay. I’m sure I’ll feel better once my 2 is over - or at least I hope I do.   My husband said he would come home and I thought it was because I was doing so bad. No, he is doing a Pokémon go ex raid by our house and stopped by for maybe 3 minutes. Whatever, I don’t need to be so needy and I can just deal with this on my own.   I maybe shouldn’t have taken the muscle relaxer.
8yu39x,762,791,ADR,lose a scary amount of weight,vyvanse,vyvanse,This is the Story of How I Lost Trust in my Doctors: a PSA about drinking enough water while taking amphetamines I was chatting with a friend the other day about experiences with inept doctors. My friend has been taking amphetamines for his ADHD for many years. He said that none of his doctors ever informed him that you need to drink lots of extra water when you take amphetamines, so he only drank a normal amount. This resulted in serious gastric motility issues and eventually landed him in the hospital for dehydration because his kidneys were ready to crap out. (He is much better now).  I had never heard this about amphetamines, and it was like somebody flipped a switch in my brain.   I don't take amphetamines for my ADHD anymore because they make me lose a scary amount of weight, but I soldiered through several years of taking vyvanse regularly in my teens. During that time, I was so constipated that I could barely eat. I had to lie down in pain after each small meal. My abdominal x rays came back showing that I was literally full of shit. I saw multiple gastroenterologists, one of whom followed my case for 5 years and was definitely familiar with all my medications and comorbidities. Each doctor just shrugged their shoulders at me and told me to keep taking daily laxatives to keep things moving. I choked down miralax nearly every day for years, and my GI system was a huge fucking mess. I shat my pants more than once, but if I didn't take the laxatives I'd be doubled over in pain. If I let it go too long and the backup accumulated, I'd have to do a full clean-out which meant sticking close to the toilet all day. It is now blindingly, blitheringly obvious to me that I was fucking dehydrated because nobody ever bothered to tell me that amphetamines do that. My psychiatrist who first prescribed it, the GP who wrote my refills, pharmacists I consulted with about my prescriptions, the multiple gastroenterologists who examined my case, all of them failed to mention this fact or connect the dots. Years of pain and discomfort and anxiety could have been prevented, if I had only known that all I needed to do was drink about 3 times more water.  TLDR; So folks, this is just a reminder to always do your own research and take an active role in your care, and if you're taking amphetamines, please drink lots and lots of water. Doctors are a valuable resource, but they're only human and they can make big mistakes.
8ypzu6,253,280,ADR,physiological rollercoaster,vyvanse,vyvanse,Straterra side effects? I'm a college student. Recently switched back to Strattera, I had been on it most of my life but about two years ago switched off because of nausea related side effects. Tried with Concerta and then Vyvanse but hated the extreme physiological rollercoaster that comes with stimulants (concerta was especially bad emotionally). Now back on Straterra, just moved from 25 to 60mg. Stomach side effects still present but I'm handling it.  I'm just wondering what, if any, emotional side effects anyone else noticed? while there isnt nearly as sharp of a curve between when the meds are active / worn off in my system, I feel like it's negatively affecting me. I feel more lethargic and apathetic (especially towards the end of the day), which is very unlike me. What did you guys find was your experience? Did things wear off as you adjusted to the meds? How did you deal with it?
8ygjhb,819,841,ADR,my mouth is alot drier,vyvanse,vyvanse,Generic Adderall XR(Prasco) vs Name Brand? Hey everyone!  Recently, I made the switch from Vyvanse to Adderall XR to generics and had some questions.  I've noticed that compared to brand name, this version of Adderall seems to have alot more side effects. I feel more irritable, unfocused, and overall just "sloppier". It feels almost like an unclean version of what adderall used to be for me. I responded very well to name brand, but originally swapped for the cost. Since then, I've noticed that it seems to be alot less effective, hazier, with less focus, more anxiety, and a harder "crash" towards the end of the day. I work IT, and I find myself going back over my thoughts alot more, getting sidetracked much more, and just much more disorganized. I can see a complete change in the quality of my work. I notice my mouth is alot drier, my muscles feel alot more worn out and tired at the end of the day, and overall I feel somewhat stiff with a headache and snappier/irritated.   The medication seems to be working, but it doesn't feel like its "working" as well as it should be.   I can tell a difference between with and without medication, but this just seems alot "dirtier". After doing some reading, I found that alot of generics aren't actually made the same, and different things such as binders, salt ratios, capsule dissolving rates, and other factors can be different. As far as the FDA is concerned, as long as there is 20mg of D-amphetamine salt mix, it is the "same".   After some research, I have found that the generic adderall xr is a Sacchrate mixed with sulfate, where name brand is made out of a sulfate mixed with a saccharate.  [https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/49800043#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/49800043#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry)  [https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/5825#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/5825#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry)  I wonder if this can create a different reaction, since it is a different chemically, technically.   Has anyone else experienced any different changes with generics vs brands, specifically prasco brand Adderall XR?
8ygjhb,882,887,ADR,tired,vyvanse,vyvanse,Generic Adderall XR(Prasco) vs Name Brand? Hey everyone!  Recently, I made the switch from Vyvanse to Adderall XR to generics and had some questions.  I've noticed that compared to brand name, this version of Adderall seems to have alot more side effects. I feel more irritable, unfocused, and overall just "sloppier". It feels almost like an unclean version of what adderall used to be for me. I responded very well to name brand, but originally swapped for the cost. Since then, I've noticed that it seems to be alot less effective, hazier, with less focus, more anxiety, and a harder "crash" towards the end of the day. I work IT, and I find myself going back over my thoughts alot more, getting sidetracked much more, and just much more disorganized. I can see a complete change in the quality of my work. I notice my mouth is alot drier, my muscles feel alot more worn out and tired at the end of the day, and overall I feel somewhat stiff with a headache and snappier/irritated.   The medication seems to be working, but it doesn't feel like its "working" as well as it should be.   I can tell a difference between with and without medication, but this just seems alot "dirtier". After doing some reading, I found that alot of generics aren't actually made the same, and different things such as binders, salt ratios, capsule dissolving rates, and other factors can be different. As far as the FDA is concerned, as long as there is 20mg of D-amphetamine salt mix, it is the "same".   After some research, I have found that the generic adderall xr is a Sacchrate mixed with sulfate, where name brand is made out of a sulfate mixed with a saccharate.  [https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/49800043#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/49800043#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry)  [https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/5825#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/5825#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry)  I wonder if this can create a different reaction, since it is a different chemically, technically.   Has anyone else experienced any different changes with generics vs brands, specifically prasco brand Adderall XR?
8ygjhb,952,960,ADR,headache,vyvanse,vyvanse,Generic Adderall XR(Prasco) vs Name Brand? Hey everyone!  Recently, I made the switch from Vyvanse to Adderall XR to generics and had some questions.  I've noticed that compared to brand name, this version of Adderall seems to have alot more side effects. I feel more irritable, unfocused, and overall just "sloppier". It feels almost like an unclean version of what adderall used to be for me. I responded very well to name brand, but originally swapped for the cost. Since then, I've noticed that it seems to be alot less effective, hazier, with less focus, more anxiety, and a harder "crash" towards the end of the day. I work IT, and I find myself going back over my thoughts alot more, getting sidetracked much more, and just much more disorganized. I can see a complete change in the quality of my work. I notice my mouth is alot drier, my muscles feel alot more worn out and tired at the end of the day, and overall I feel somewhat stiff with a headache and snappier/irritated.   The medication seems to be working, but it doesn't feel like its "working" as well as it should be.   I can tell a difference between with and without medication, but this just seems alot "dirtier". After doing some reading, I found that alot of generics aren't actually made the same, and different things such as binders, salt ratios, capsule dissolving rates, and other factors can be different. As far as the FDA is concerned, as long as there is 20mg of D-amphetamine salt mix, it is the "same".   After some research, I have found that the generic adderall xr is a Sacchrate mixed with sulfate, where name brand is made out of a sulfate mixed with a saccharate.  [https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/49800043#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/49800043#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry)  [https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/5825#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/5825#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry)  I wonder if this can create a different reaction, since it is a different chemically, technically.   Has anyone else experienced any different changes with generics vs brands, specifically prasco brand Adderall XR?
8ygjhb,965,973,ADR,snappier,vyvanse,vyvanse,Generic Adderall XR(Prasco) vs Name Brand? Hey everyone!  Recently, I made the switch from Vyvanse to Adderall XR to generics and had some questions.  I've noticed that compared to brand name, this version of Adderall seems to have alot more side effects. I feel more irritable, unfocused, and overall just "sloppier". It feels almost like an unclean version of what adderall used to be for me. I responded very well to name brand, but originally swapped for the cost. Since then, I've noticed that it seems to be alot less effective, hazier, with less focus, more anxiety, and a harder "crash" towards the end of the day. I work IT, and I find myself going back over my thoughts alot more, getting sidetracked much more, and just much more disorganized. I can see a complete change in the quality of my work. I notice my mouth is alot drier, my muscles feel alot more worn out and tired at the end of the day, and overall I feel somewhat stiff with a headache and snappier/irritated.   The medication seems to be working, but it doesn't feel like its "working" as well as it should be.   I can tell a difference between with and without medication, but this just seems alot "dirtier". After doing some reading, I found that alot of generics aren't actually made the same, and different things such as binders, salt ratios, capsule dissolving rates, and other factors can be different. As far as the FDA is concerned, as long as there is 20mg of D-amphetamine salt mix, it is the "same".   After some research, I have found that the generic adderall xr is a Sacchrate mixed with sulfate, where name brand is made out of a sulfate mixed with a saccharate.  [https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/49800043#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/49800043#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry)  [https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/5825#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/5825#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry)  I wonder if this can create a different reaction, since it is a different chemically, technically.   Has anyone else experienced any different changes with generics vs brands, specifically prasco brand Adderall XR?
8ygjhb,974,983,ADR,irritated,vyvanse,vyvanse,Generic Adderall XR(Prasco) vs Name Brand? Hey everyone!  Recently, I made the switch from Vyvanse to Adderall XR to generics and had some questions.  I've noticed that compared to brand name, this version of Adderall seems to have alot more side effects. I feel more irritable, unfocused, and overall just "sloppier". It feels almost like an unclean version of what adderall used to be for me. I responded very well to name brand, but originally swapped for the cost. Since then, I've noticed that it seems to be alot less effective, hazier, with less focus, more anxiety, and a harder "crash" towards the end of the day. I work IT, and I find myself going back over my thoughts alot more, getting sidetracked much more, and just much more disorganized. I can see a complete change in the quality of my work. I notice my mouth is alot drier, my muscles feel alot more worn out and tired at the end of the day, and overall I feel somewhat stiff with a headache and snappier/irritated.   The medication seems to be working, but it doesn't feel like its "working" as well as it should be.   I can tell a difference between with and without medication, but this just seems alot "dirtier". After doing some reading, I found that alot of generics aren't actually made the same, and different things such as binders, salt ratios, capsule dissolving rates, and other factors can be different. As far as the FDA is concerned, as long as there is 20mg of D-amphetamine salt mix, it is the "same".   After some research, I have found that the generic adderall xr is a Sacchrate mixed with sulfate, where name brand is made out of a sulfate mixed with a saccharate.  [https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/49800043#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/49800043#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry)  [https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/5825#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/5825#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry)  I wonder if this can create a different reaction, since it is a different chemically, technically.   Has anyone else experienced any different changes with generics vs brands, specifically prasco brand Adderall XR?
8y3ins,259,278,ADR,kept me up til 5 am,vyvanse,vyvanse,Vyvanse and Appetite I got started up on vyvanse again, today is my second day taking it. It is incredible for my symptoms, but the side effects are unpleasant. Dry mouth, jaw and neck tension, reduced appetite (going on like 40 hours without a meal), and it kept me up til 5 am.   I dont know what to do. I want to lower my dose, but i also realize this is only the second day. I have a long history with many prescribed adhd meds but not much in recent years.  In a situation like this, would ya'll wait it out and keep taking it to see if the side effects go away, or all a dr today and try to get a lower dose. Or stop taking it? Not sure. I know this sub has rules about asking about dosages and stuff, i briefly read them and hope i am not conflicting any. Thank you so much for your help!
8y3ee6,506,533,ADR,screwed with my blood sugar,vyvanse,vyvanse,(Ritalin) "Tunnel vision" hyperfocus. Dose too high? Not enough food/sleep/exercise? **TLDR: can't control the intense focus I get from Ritalin, would like advice on how to switch tasks or what I should change to maximize the benefits from the medication**  [Before anyone comments that I should try Vyvanse or Adderall or something, Ritalin the only stimulant I've tried so far that's mild enough for me (ADHD-PI). Adderall spiked my anxiety and had horrific comedowns, and Vyvanse killed my appetite and screwed with my blood sugar (I'm hypoglycemic) to the point where I may as well not have taken anything.]  I recently titrated Ritalin IR up to 30mg because 10, 15, and even 20 would work like sleeping pills for me. The only problem is, at 30 I feel like my ADHD gets worse, somehow.  30mg lifts my mood and energy levels quite a bit, and I actually do things instead of lie in bed all day, but I cannot for the life of me control that "tunnel vision" hyperfocus that comes out of it. Is that a sign of a dosage that's too high? I know stimulants are supposed to be mild and that I should barely even be feeling it. Could it have this effect if I am not getting enough sleep?  Maybe I should go back to the 20-25mg range and try that again with rigorous morning exercise? I feel like this is less of a dosage issue and more of a lifestyle/habits issue. Am I correct in thinking that? What can I do so I can maximize the benefits of the medication?
8y30wh,1249,1265,ADR,light headedness,vyvanse,vyvanse,Taste of blood in mouth and blood when wiping 26 years old, 210 pounds, 5'11, Male, Vyvanse 30mg Daily, Not a smoker, No current known medical issues (family is known to have heart problems), issue is just from today. Resting heart rate (from watch) seems to be floating around 88-92.  My diet from yesterday was pure awful, some soda and the better part of a large cheese pizza.  I have had an anal fissure in the past, so the wiping didn't really bother me. I did find it odd though that there doesn't seem to be much blood in the stool, just from wiping. I only got a little worried when I tasted blood in my mouth. It was brief and after drinking some water the taste has now gone away, but I just wanted to check and see if this matches up with anything.  What I'm assuming is that it is somehow related to what I ate yesterday being awful, combined with me taking an additional 30mg of Vyvanse today (which I have been told by my doctor is okay to do on occasion).  Overall, I'm not too worried, but would like to know if it sounds like anything could be going on. I'll admit I could have just thought I tasted blood because I saw it (brains are weird) but w/e. Other than these symptoms nothing else seems off. Maybe just the smallest bit of light headedness, but that is something I have come to expect with Vyvanse.  Thanks in advance!
8yqh1o,546,550,ADR,numb,suboxone,suboxone,Weird Symptoms After Using Kratom to Quit Suboxone Today is day 17 off of Suboxone after taking it for 10 long ass years. The opiate withdrawals are definitely subsiding which is beyond killer. I used kratom to get through the worst of it during the first two weeks, about 25-30 grams a day. This week I've drastically cut down on the kratom to more like 10 grams daily. The past couple days I've been getting horrible anxiety accompanied by a few other symptoms, and a tightness in my chest that won't go away. The left side of my face is super numb too. I should add I'm tapering off of Valium but holding my dose right now. I know the post acute phase can rough mentally but this feels a lot different than other times I've kicked opiates, and it almost feels like benzo withdrawal. Derealization, impaired thinking, paranoia, looping thoughts, tinnitus. Can stopping kratom cause this? I've heard from a few sources that it can act as a calcium channel blocker which is how gabapentin works, and would amp up your CNS and give you benzo type withdrawals. I've also heard that the serotonin effects can cause benzo like symptoms.
8yeld0,745,749,ADR,puke,suboxone,suboxone,Can Kratom actually help free me from this suboxone addiction hell? I throw up everytime I try to take it, feeling discouraged. Hello and thanks for reading. I've been an opiate addict since 14, and on methadone, then suboxone, for the past 5 years. Everytime I've tried to stop its been unbeatable physically and mentally. I started going down on subs the past few months, from 16mg, to now 1/2 or 1mg a day. It's fucking hard. I got some Kratom from a local headshop, and Im pretty sure it was trash. I took the capsules and felt nothing, except a headache and general discomfort. So I tried an online vendor highly recommended by reddits Kratom community.  It comes in powder. I've tried to toss N wash, but even only taking 2-3 teaspoons, I puke it up every time within 20 minutes no matter how hard I try not to. I've also tried mixing it into water, hot chocolate, sodas, and Gatorade. They were horrible, it was either too powdery or too sludgy and I wasn't even able to drink a quarter of the recommended dosage. I felt nothing those times either, which makes sense, since I puked it up or barely drank any.   I'm starting to feel really discouraged and don't know what to do. I don't have the money for strainers and scales and don't know how to use them, and I'm going even lower on my sub weaning and feeling it badly. Any advice or encouragement?
8yeld0,70,78,ADR,throw up,suboxone,suboxone,Can Kratom actually help free me from this suboxone addiction hell? I throw up everytime I try to take it, feeling discouraged. Hello and thanks for reading. I've been an opiate addict since 14, and on methadone, then suboxone, for the past 5 years. Everytime I've tried to stop its been unbeatable physically and mentally. I started going down on subs the past few months, from 16mg, to now 1/2 or 1mg a day. It's fucking hard. I got some Kratom from a local headshop, and Im pretty sure it was trash. I took the capsules and felt nothing, except a headache and general discomfort. So I tried an online vendor highly recommended by reddits Kratom community.  It comes in powder. I've tried to toss N wash, but even only taking 2-3 teaspoons, I puke it up every time within 20 minutes no matter how hard I try not to. I've also tried mixing it into water, hot chocolate, sodas, and Gatorade. They were horrible, it was either too powdery or too sludgy and I wasn't even able to drink a quarter of the recommended dosage. I felt nothing those times either, which makes sense, since I puked it up or barely drank any.   I'm starting to feel really discouraged and don't know what to do. I don't have the money for strainers and scales and don't know how to use them, and I'm going even lower on my sub weaning and feeling it badly. Any advice or encouragement?
8zt3h7,1061,1085,ADR,ankle is red and swollen,baclofen,baclofen,Any experience with amphetamine and swollen ankles? Hi guys, after using some street amphetamine for 4 days in combination with gbl, I started feeling some pain in my leg, here's the full story:  I had a huge project that needed a lot of work, so decided to buy some street speed. Dissolved it in vodka and started dosing with 20mg shots orally. Didn't sleep for 2 nights in a row. At first I was redosing every 6 hours, last day it got to something like every 2 hours, felt physically great so far. Because of constant combo with gbl, multivitamins, magnesium citrate and baclofen, didn't get any adverse effects on my heart or any edginess. After getting an hour of sleep I woke up with some pressure in my chest, but that happens because of gbl wds, dosed a bit more of baclofen and started feeling better. Didn't dose any amphs afterwards until the evening, when I redosed with 20mg and an additional 20 30mins later. Over the whole four days I have had a total 1g of amph. That night I started feeling some pain in my leg. In the morning I noticed that my ankle is red and swollen, another ankle is also probably somewhat swollen, but much less. It is slightly painfull to walk. Haven't used any amphs yesterday and got 10 hours of sleep, but my ankles are still swollen, though less painfull.  Has this ever happened to any of you? Is it a medical emergency and I should call an ambulance or should I just rest and it should get back to normal by itself?  As I understand, it is a fluid buildup, is there any chance of serious kidney damage or is it just kidney strain and should go away with rest? If I go to ER, in my country, I will be fined and have huge legal consequences for having used amphetamine, so would like to avoid it unless it is necessary. I just have a huge regret for my stupidity to undergo such a journey.
8yb7i8,577,597,ADR,flip flopping in bed,baclofen,baclofen,New here, looking for support Hey guys and gals, I too am tapering off/detoxing from subs.  I got from 16 mgs the past 10 years down to 2 mg for a month.  Staying with my family to finish my taper.  I have six 2 mg films left to cut down and that is it.  Family said I cannot get more subs to do a softer, less invasive taper.  I am open to any and all suggestions and  would love some support as I get this done to enter sober living.  I have gabapentin, doxepin, baclofen and clonidine to help with the wd's.  I tried cutting the film in half down to 1mg and holy hell I was flip flopping in bed feeling super restless and out of my mind irritable.   Anyway, today I tool around 1.75.  Will see how it goes.  I read that taking little pieces rather than the whole dose at once helps?  Any links and reading material to educate my family would be appreciated.  I am hoping after reading all the info they may allow me to get a script but I am definitly not counting on it.  Namaste\~  Christine
8yb7i8,612,620,ADR,restless,baclofen,baclofen,New here, looking for support Hey guys and gals, I too am tapering off/detoxing from subs.  I got from 16 mgs the past 10 years down to 2 mg for a month.  Staying with my family to finish my taper.  I have six 2 mg films left to cut down and that is it.  Family said I cannot get more subs to do a softer, less invasive taper.  I am open to any and all suggestions and  would love some support as I get this done to enter sober living.  I have gabapentin, doxepin, baclofen and clonidine to help with the wd's.  I tried cutting the film in half down to 1mg and holy hell I was flip flopping in bed feeling super restless and out of my mind irritable.   Anyway, today I tool around 1.75.  Will see how it goes.  I read that taking little pieces rather than the whole dose at once helps?  Any links and reading material to educate my family would be appreciated.  I am hoping after reading all the info they may allow me to get a script but I am definitly not counting on it.  Namaste\~  Christine
8yb7i8,640,649,ADR,irritable,baclofen,baclofen,New here, looking for support Hey guys and gals, I too am tapering off/detoxing from subs.  I got from 16 mgs the past 10 years down to 2 mg for a month.  Staying with my family to finish my taper.  I have six 2 mg films left to cut down and that is it.  Family said I cannot get more subs to do a softer, less invasive taper.  I am open to any and all suggestions and  would love some support as I get this done to enter sober living.  I have gabapentin, doxepin, baclofen and clonidine to help with the wd's.  I tried cutting the film in half down to 1mg and holy hell I was flip flopping in bed feeling super restless and out of my mind irritable.   Anyway, today I tool around 1.75.  Will see how it goes.  I read that taking little pieces rather than the whole dose at once helps?  Any links and reading material to educate my family would be appreciated.  I am hoping after reading all the info they may allow me to get a script but I am definitly not counting on it.  Namaste\~  Christine
8ygevb,579,601,ADR,feel like i'm floating,lyrica,lyrica,Lyrica put me on the clouds(under rated drug??) I have tried most drugs, excluding crack and some RC's. Opiates have been my vice my whole life pretty much, I've been majorly addicted and actually just got off my oxycodone a week ago(yay!). I asked my doctor for lyrica because I have nerve pain and I read it helps with opiate WD's. I took like 6 or 7 50mg lyrica. This is the most fucked up I've been in forever. The high from lyrica is like being drunk with a combo of something like MDMA or something with a large body load... Shit this high is almost better than opiates. I feel like i'm floating, I can barely even type.   Has any one else used this drug in high doses? I've read up and tolerance seems to build fast so I think I wont abuse it frequently. But damn I feel pretty fly right now ;) Hopefully I don't fall down the fucking stairs
8ysfrk,499,510,ADR,can't focus,lamictal,lamictal,Lamictal: Side effects and when did it work? At what point did Lamictal work for you, and when did the side effects go away, if ever? I am pretty sure this is not going to work for me, but feel like I need to give it the adequate time to be sure and so my psychiatrist can write it off as something I tried for long enough. Thing is, I stuck out the Lexapro even while feeling horrible, and I should have listened to myself, because I was in a mixed episode the whole time.  Right now I feel like I can't focus on anything, feel apathetic/depressed/a little irritable, have gastrointestinal issues like constipation, feel like my hormones are messed up based on symptoms like bloating (I am pretty in tune with this and I feel like about to get my period even though I am not). Generally just feel crappy and am at the therapeutic dose (100 mg) for a week now. While titrating up I got super irritable/reckless/impulsive and basically felt hypomanic, but at times had self destructive thoughts and felt like I wasn't sure I could keep myself safe. Not sure if it was the med or the illness, but I am leaning towards the med.  Anyways, the point of this post is not to whine, but I just really want to stop this med (after talking to my psychiatrist), but don't want to give up too soon. I just was hoping to hear if your side effects went away, or how you knew it was wrong for you? And when did it start working well?
8ysfrk,630,652,ADR,hormones are messed up,lamictal,lamictal,Lamictal: Side effects and when did it work? At what point did Lamictal work for you, and when did the side effects go away, if ever? I am pretty sure this is not going to work for me, but feel like I need to give it the adequate time to be sure and so my psychiatrist can write it off as something I tried for long enough. Thing is, I stuck out the Lexapro even while feeling horrible, and I should have listened to myself, because I was in a mixed episode the whole time.  Right now I feel like I can't focus on anything, feel apathetic/depressed/a little irritable, have gastrointestinal issues like constipation, feel like my hormones are messed up based on symptoms like bloating (I am pretty in tune with this and I feel like about to get my period even though I am not). Generally just feel crappy and am at the therapeutic dose (100 mg) for a week now. While titrating up I got super irritable/reckless/impulsive and basically felt hypomanic, but at times had self destructive thoughts and felt like I wasn't sure I could keep myself safe. Not sure if it was the med or the illness, but I am leaning towards the med.  Anyways, the point of this post is not to whine, but I just really want to stop this med (after talking to my psychiatrist), but don't want to give up too soon. I just was hoping to hear if your side effects went away, or how you knew it was wrong for you? And when did it start working well?
8ysfrk,793,804,ADR,feel crappy,lamictal,lamictal,Lamictal: Side effects and when did it work? At what point did Lamictal work for you, and when did the side effects go away, if ever? I am pretty sure this is not going to work for me, but feel like I need to give it the adequate time to be sure and so my psychiatrist can write it off as something I tried for long enough. Thing is, I stuck out the Lexapro even while feeling horrible, and I should have listened to myself, because I was in a mixed episode the whole time.  Right now I feel like I can't focus on anything, feel apathetic/depressed/a little irritable, have gastrointestinal issues like constipation, feel like my hormones are messed up based on symptoms like bloating (I am pretty in tune with this and I feel like about to get my period even though I am not). Generally just feel crappy and am at the therapeutic dose (100 mg) for a week now. While titrating up I got super irritable/reckless/impulsive and basically felt hypomanic, but at times had self destructive thoughts and felt like I wasn't sure I could keep myself safe. Not sure if it was the med or the illness, but I am leaning towards the med.  Anyways, the point of this post is not to whine, but I just really want to stop this med (after talking to my psychiatrist), but don't want to give up too soon. I just was hoping to hear if your side effects went away, or how you knew it was wrong for you? And when did it start working well?
8ysfrk,892,920,ADR,irritable/reckless/impulsive,lamictal,lamictal,Lamictal: Side effects and when did it work? At what point did Lamictal work for you, and when did the side effects go away, if ever? I am pretty sure this is not going to work for me, but feel like I need to give it the adequate time to be sure and so my psychiatrist can write it off as something I tried for long enough. Thing is, I stuck out the Lexapro even while feeling horrible, and I should have listened to myself, because I was in a mixed episode the whole time.  Right now I feel like I can't focus on anything, feel apathetic/depressed/a little irritable, have gastrointestinal issues like constipation, feel like my hormones are messed up based on symptoms like bloating (I am pretty in tune with this and I feel like about to get my period even though I am not). Generally just feel crappy and am at the therapeutic dose (100 mg) for a week now. While titrating up I got super irritable/reckless/impulsive and basically felt hypomanic, but at times had self destructive thoughts and felt like I wasn't sure I could keep myself safe. Not sure if it was the med or the illness, but I am leaning towards the med.  Anyways, the point of this post is not to whine, but I just really want to stop this med (after talking to my psychiatrist), but don't want to give up too soon. I just was hoping to hear if your side effects went away, or how you knew it was wrong for you? And when did it start working well?
8z2hhz,30,39,ADR,brain fog,seroquel,seroquel,off my antidepressants and my brain fog is so. much. better. I've always been a big proponent of antidepressants and they have helped me through some really dark times of isolation because of my fatigue. I'm going through the motions of getting diagnosed right now and I'm getting retested for Narcolepsy at the end of the month (last time I was on Seroquel which supresses REM). I have to be off my antidepressants for two weeks before the test. I weened for a few weeks and then had about a week of withdrawal symptoms when I stopped, but once those cleared away, CHRIST.      I'm more creative than I've been, can think and read faster, and my speech is so much clearer (less garbled, word slurring, etc). It's wonderful. My brains hit a gear that's been missing for a few years, but my body can't keep up with it :/. Still exhausted in every other way.      Right now I'm in a good headspace, but we'll see how things go with my mood going forward. I'm going to try to stay off them after my test. Either way, I just wanted to share as I'm sure a lot of other CFSers take antidepressants.
8yvj5n,238,244,ADR,shitty,paxil,paxil,Feel like complete shit off of wellbutrin and paxil. Don't know what to do except cycle kratom I started buproprion and paxil like a year ago because had a real bad month of depression.   I'm off now for like a few months and I feel real shitty, waves of agony that last days. Bed ridden.   I don't know what to do for myself except to cycle Kratom, dxm, and low dose THC. The pain is making me desperate and lazy.   I never felt this before starting my antidepressants. I was pretty great before them, just the month of depression.   What other legal drugs can I use to kill my pain and"pad out" my cycle (I don't want any more physical dependencies).  I take my vitamins and try to exercise all I can and go for walks and hikes. The misery totally cripples me though so that I'm just in bed suffering writhing in discomfort.   My discomfort could be caused by Kratom withdrawals as well as I was a daily user a month ago, now I only use bi weekly.
8yvj5n,246,275,ADR,waves of agony that last days,paxil,paxil,Feel like complete shit off of wellbutrin and paxil. Don't know what to do except cycle kratom I started buproprion and paxil like a year ago because had a real bad month of depression.   I'm off now for like a few months and I feel real shitty, waves of agony that last days. Bed ridden.   I don't know what to do for myself except to cycle Kratom, dxm, and low dose THC. The pain is making me desperate and lazy.   I never felt this before starting my antidepressants. I was pretty great before them, just the month of depression.   What other legal drugs can I use to kill my pain and"pad out" my cycle (I don't want any more physical dependencies).  I take my vitamins and try to exercise all I can and go for walks and hikes. The misery totally cripples me though so that I'm just in bed suffering writhing in discomfort.   My discomfort could be caused by Kratom withdrawals as well as I was a daily user a month ago, now I only use bi weekly.
8xx6mf,426,432,ADR,groggy,paxil,paxil,Thinking about switching from Paxil to Prozac Hey guys, I've been taking Paxil 20mg for about three months now for general and social anxiety and PE. Overall, it has a helped quite a lot and pretty much taken away all of my anxiety. Only problem is I have become fatigued over the last month. I struggle to get to sleep but as soon as I fall asleep I will be out for at least 10 hours, any less than that and I will feel very groggy for the rest of the day. Would it be worth switching to Prozac to try and negate these side effects? Also would I get any withdrawal from Paxil if I made this switch?
8zorxr,785,808,ADR,increases my heart rate,adderall,adderall,Will a low dose of Wellbutrin raise my heart rate and should I add it to my SSRI? I've been on citalopram for 36 days, and ever since I titrated up to 20mg 11 days ago I'm so exhausted that I instinctively lie down as soon as I'm done standing, instead of sitting, so I can recover from standing. I only can manage standing for short periods to do things I have to like clean the litter box or prepare food, then I collapse on my back again, exhausted. Also, the citalopram has reduced my blood pressure, it used to be in the 90s now it's always in the 80s.   My question is would adding a small amount of Wellbutrin, like 75 mg or half of that give me back the energy that citalopram takes away? Also, does Wellbutrin increase heart rate? I ask because I already take adderall and it increases my heart rate more than ideal already so I'm wondering if Wellbutrin does the same because it's an "energizing " antidepressant? I tried Wellbutrin 9 years ago but I was immediately put on 300mg and I had a VERY bad reaction. Later I tried cutting that in half , and then into quarters ( so 75mg) and I still felt the beginnings of extreme agitation coming on, which is why I wonder about cutting the lowest dose in half. Would adding Wellbutrin to my citalopram be a good idea to suggest to my doctor? I'm not able to see a psychiatrist. I'm F38, 5'5", 125 pounds. Conditions:POTS Medications: adderall, trazodone, citalopram. Thanks for any input!
8y64av,216,229,ADR,food alergies,methotrexate,methotrexate,Biosimilars - do they work as well? So here's a bit of backstory. I've been diagnosed at 3yo. For 2 years I took methotrexate after which I had numerous side effects like being very confused the next day, developing food alergies to everything etc. Then I got put on a programme to be treated with Enbrel and I took that, with breaks, till I turned 18. At 18yo I needed to transfer to a new doctor and new hospital. Unfortunately around that time the programme has changed and instead of getting Enbrel I started getting a biosimilar called Benepali. After a while it got switched to another biosimilar (monetary reasons I suppose) called Erelzi. And here's my question - for people who expirienced such change, did biosimilars work on you the same as the original medication? I find myself to be in a lot more pain and much more often than before. With Enbrel I was able to function normally, for the vast majority of time forgetting about my disease. Rn I have trouble walking a kilometer. Also, since I never had such problems, what are you tips on dealing with pain? Are any particular diets/food items helping? Thank you so so much for reading. I hope you have a great and painless (or as painless as possible) day :).  TLDR- Biosimilars seem to be working less effectively than original medication. Is that common? Also, how do you deal with pain?
8zlle3,42,54,ADR,need to poop,nicotine,nicotine,How to stop myself from feeling gassy and need to poop when smoking So everytime i smoke i get the need to poop or if i try to hold it in i get gassy... Now at home it isnt  a problem since i can just go to the toilet, but at a club or a party when i smoke alot i try to hold it in but i just get gas problems which after holding 4-5 in of fear i shit myself begins to hurt... I heard that nicotine is a kind of laxative, but does anyone have a solution to this?
8zfcsg,68,79,ADR,no appetite,nicotine,nicotine,No appetite whatsoever help For the past four or so months I’ve had no appetite. I thought it was the nicotine, or the coffee so I cut both out. Two months later and nothing has changed. For example, it’s 6 pm now and I haven’t had anything. The thought of food is very unappetizing, and when I do eat I get full very fast and become super bloated. I’m a tiny girl, 5ft tall and last time I checked I was 89 pounds. and now I’ve lost even more weight as my clothes aren’t fitting right. I take vitamins regularly but I’m starting to get bad restless leg syndrome I assume from not eating. I don’t smoke but I tried out CBD oil that a friend recommended and it didn’t do much. Does anyone have any tips or suggestions on how I can get my appetite back?
8zfcsg,334,347,ADR,super bloated,nicotine,nicotine,No appetite whatsoever help For the past four or so months I’ve had no appetite. I thought it was the nicotine, or the coffee so I cut both out. Two months later and nothing has changed. For example, it’s 6 pm now and I haven’t had anything. The thought of food is very unappetizing, and when I do eat I get full very fast and become super bloated. I’m a tiny girl, 5ft tall and last time I checked I was 89 pounds. and now I’ve lost even more weight as my clothes aren’t fitting right. I take vitamins regularly but I’m starting to get bad restless leg syndrome I assume from not eating. I don’t smoke but I tried out CBD oil that a friend recommended and it didn’t do much. Does anyone have any tips or suggestions on how I can get my appetite back?
8zt662,648,671,ADR,intense pain in my side,prozac,prozac,I wish I was asleep instead of stressing about work. So I’m venting! Hi everyone. I started Prozac about a month and a bit ago. My doctor increased my dose right before I went back to work a week ago (was on medical leave for a few weeks).   I worked one shift last week and during the shift I assisted some people to get a large person off the floor. No big deal. The shift was average and I went home happy. Then this past weekend was my boyfriends brothers wedding! Aside from a painful headache, it was a good day. I was feeling anxious, but it was so nice to be a part of.  So 3 days after my shift, 1 day after the wedding, I get this really intense pain in my side. Can’t get comfortable at all in bed trying to sleep. Eventually I did sleep, but I woke up an hour later in terrible pain. I looked up muscle groups to try to visualize where it was coming from and suddenly I went into a full on panic attack. I woke up my boyfriend and we drove to the ER. When I was finally seen the doctor said I strained a muscle, gave me meds, and sent me on my way. We were there from 3am-7am.   I was supposed to work that day. I called my manager and told her I wouldn’t be in, and that I thought I hurt myself at work because of the guy who fell. I hadn’t even slept at that point. Now its been a few days and the more I think of it, the less I believe it was work that caused the strain. Why didn’t I have ANY symptoms until 3 days later? They sent me 20 pages of forms for hurt at work injuries and the “what happened” sections are just stressing me out because I feel like I shouldn’t bother filling them out because I genuinely have no clue whether it WAS a work injury. I just feel guilty and overwhelmed.   I really just want to go back to work. We’re understaffed as it is and I don’t want to cause any more issues. I have an appointment with my family doctor on Thursday and a chiropractor tomorrow. Hoping someone can help me figure out this mess.
8yd86s,89,107,ADR,no interest in sex,prozac,prozac,Fuck meds One week ago I was prescribed Prozac.  I hate it.   I hate it so much.  I have no interest in sex, my emotions are disappearing, I don't feel sad but I'm not happy either. I'm nauseous all the time and I barely eat.  I don't want to switch medications. I want to be myself again. I'm 17! Why am I losing my sex drive? My girlfriend is so supportive, but I want to fulfill her needs and I just can't care about pleasure. I have even less motivation to do things than I did before. I don't want to let people down, but I just can't do this shit anymore.   Before medication people didn't want to hear about my problems. Now that I'm on it, they think I'm crazy and don't want to hear anything from me at all.
8yd86s,112,137,ADR,emotions are disappearing,prozac,prozac,Fuck meds One week ago I was prescribed Prozac.  I hate it.   I hate it so much.  I have no interest in sex, my emotions are disappearing, I don't feel sad but I'm not happy either. I'm nauseous all the time and I barely eat.  I don't want to switch medications. I want to be myself again. I'm 17! Why am I losing my sex drive? My girlfriend is so supportive, but I want to fulfill her needs and I just can't care about pleasure. I have even less motivation to do things than I did before. I don't want to let people down, but I just can't do this shit anymore.   Before medication people didn't want to hear about my problems. Now that I'm on it, they think I'm crazy and don't want to hear anything from me at all.
8yd86s,442,457,ADR,less motivation,prozac,prozac,Fuck meds One week ago I was prescribed Prozac.  I hate it.   I hate it so much.  I have no interest in sex, my emotions are disappearing, I don't feel sad but I'm not happy either. I'm nauseous all the time and I barely eat.  I don't want to switch medications. I want to be myself again. I'm 17! Why am I losing my sex drive? My girlfriend is so supportive, but I want to fulfill her needs and I just can't care about pleasure. I have even less motivation to do things than I did before. I don't want to let people down, but I just can't do this shit anymore.   Before medication people didn't want to hear about my problems. Now that I'm on it, they think I'm crazy and don't want to hear anything from me at all.
8zotl7,820,829,ADR,migraines,citalopram,citalopram,Black Stool There were black spots/chunks in my stool. So like the normal brown but it was mostly black.   Last week when I had my period for the first few days my blood was black/brown and the rest of the days it was a very dark red. I've been having my period a lot more often than usual. Before I started depo my period came every other month and only lasted 3 days. Since I stopped the depo its been coming every two weeks and staying for 5-7 days.   As far as my diet, I'm vegan and last uesterday I had brocolli, carrots, yellow rice, and mushrooms. For dinner I had a mushroom sandwich and for breakfast this morning I had a cranberry &amp; blueberry smoothie with spinach. For lunch today I just had rice and broccoli.   Last night I was researching my new medication I started taking because its been making my migraines more frequent. I'm taking Citalopram and its my first experience with anxiety medication. However, I take Trazadone and Melatonin for my insomnia (my doctor knew this). And I saw that Trazodone and Citalopram mixed together can cause problems. I plan on going to the doctor soon but I wanted to get some insight first.
8zorxr,175,184,ADR,exhausted,trazodone,trazodone,Will a low dose of Wellbutrin raise my heart rate and should I add it to my SSRI? I've been on citalopram for 36 days, and ever since I titrated up to 20mg 11 days ago I'm so exhausted that I instinctively lie down as soon as I'm done standing, instead of sitting, so I can recover from standing. I only can manage standing for short periods to do things I have to like clean the litter box or prepare food, then I collapse on my back again, exhausted. Also, the citalopram has reduced my blood pressure, it used to be in the 90s now it's always in the 80s.   My question is would adding a small amount of Wellbutrin, like 75 mg or half of that give me back the energy that citalopram takes away? Also, does Wellbutrin increase heart rate? I ask because I already take adderall and it increases my heart rate more than ideal already so I'm wondering if Wellbutrin does the same because it's an "energizing " antidepressant? I tried Wellbutrin 9 years ago but I was immediately put on 300mg and I had a VERY bad reaction. Later I tried cutting that in half , and then into quarters ( so 75mg) and I still felt the beginnings of extreme agitation coming on, which is why I wonder about cutting the lowest dose in half. Would adding Wellbutrin to my citalopram be a good idea to suggest to my doctor? I'm not able to see a psychiatrist. I'm F38, 5'5", 125 pounds. Conditions:POTS Medications: adderall, trazodone, citalopram. Thanks for any input!
8zorxr,478,503,ADR,reduced my blood pressure,trazodone,trazodone,Will a low dose of Wellbutrin raise my heart rate and should I add it to my SSRI? I've been on citalopram for 36 days, and ever since I titrated up to 20mg 11 days ago I'm so exhausted that I instinctively lie down as soon as I'm done standing, instead of sitting, so I can recover from standing. I only can manage standing for short periods to do things I have to like clean the litter box or prepare food, then I collapse on my back again, exhausted. Also, the citalopram has reduced my blood pressure, it used to be in the 90s now it's always in the 80s.   My question is would adding a small amount of Wellbutrin, like 75 mg or half of that give me back the energy that citalopram takes away? Also, does Wellbutrin increase heart rate? I ask because I already take adderall and it increases my heart rate more than ideal already so I'm wondering if Wellbutrin does the same because it's an "energizing " antidepressant? I tried Wellbutrin 9 years ago but I was immediately put on 300mg and I had a VERY bad reaction. Later I tried cutting that in half , and then into quarters ( so 75mg) and I still felt the beginnings of extreme agitation coming on, which is why I wonder about cutting the lowest dose in half. Would adding Wellbutrin to my citalopram be a good idea to suggest to my doctor? I'm not able to see a psychiatrist. I'm F38, 5'5", 125 pounds. Conditions:POTS Medications: adderall, trazodone, citalopram. Thanks for any input!
8zorxr,1135,1144,ADR,agitation,trazodone,trazodone,Will a low dose of Wellbutrin raise my heart rate and should I add it to my SSRI? I've been on citalopram for 36 days, and ever since I titrated up to 20mg 11 days ago I'm so exhausted that I instinctively lie down as soon as I'm done standing, instead of sitting, so I can recover from standing. I only can manage standing for short periods to do things I have to like clean the litter box or prepare food, then I collapse on my back again, exhausted. Also, the citalopram has reduced my blood pressure, it used to be in the 90s now it's always in the 80s.   My question is would adding a small amount of Wellbutrin, like 75 mg or half of that give me back the energy that citalopram takes away? Also, does Wellbutrin increase heart rate? I ask because I already take adderall and it increases my heart rate more than ideal already so I'm wondering if Wellbutrin does the same because it's an "energizing " antidepressant? I tried Wellbutrin 9 years ago but I was immediately put on 300mg and I had a VERY bad reaction. Later I tried cutting that in half , and then into quarters ( so 75mg) and I still felt the beginnings of extreme agitation coming on, which is why I wonder about cutting the lowest dose in half. Would adding Wellbutrin to my citalopram be a good idea to suggest to my doctor? I'm not able to see a psychiatrist. I'm F38, 5'5", 125 pounds. Conditions:POTS Medications: adderall, trazodone, citalopram. Thanks for any input!
8y64av,182,190,ADR,confused,enbrel,enbrel,Biosimilars - do they work as well? So here's a bit of backstory. I've been diagnosed at 3yo. For 2 years I took methotrexate after which I had numerous side effects like being very confused the next day, developing food alergies to everything etc. Then I got put on a programme to be treated with Enbrel and I took that, with breaks, till I turned 18. At 18yo I needed to transfer to a new doctor and new hospital. Unfortunately around that time the programme has changed and instead of getting Enbrel I started getting a biosimilar called Benepali. After a while it got switched to another biosimilar (monetary reasons I suppose) called Erelzi. And here's my question - for people who expirienced such change, did biosimilars work on you the same as the original medication? I find myself to be in a lot more pain and much more often than before. With Enbrel I was able to function normally, for the vast majority of time forgetting about my disease. Rn I have trouble walking a kilometer. Also, since I never had such problems, what are you tips on dealing with pain? Are any particular diets/food items helping? Thank you so so much for reading. I hope you have a great and painless (or as painless as possible) day :).  TLDR- Biosimilars seem to be working less effectively than original medication. Is that common? Also, how do you deal with pain?
8y64av,182,190,ADR,confused,enbrel,enbrel,Biosimilars - do they work as well? So here's a bit of backstory. I've been diagnosed at 3yo. For 2 years I took methotrexate after which I had numerous side effects like being very confused the next day, developing food alergies to everything etc. Then I got put on a programme to be treated with Enbrel and I took that, with breaks, till I turned 18. At 18yo I needed to transfer to a new doctor and new hospital. Unfortunately around that time the programme has changed and instead of getting Enbrel I started getting a biosimilar called Benepali. After a while it got switched to another biosimilar (monetary reasons I suppose) called Erelzi. And here's my question - for people who expirienced such change, did biosimilars work on you the same as the original medication? I find myself to be in a lot more pain and much more often than before. With Enbrel I was able to function normally, for the vast majority of time forgetting about my disease. Rn I have trouble walking a kilometer. Also, since I never had such problems, what are you tips on dealing with pain? Are any particular diets/food items helping? Thank you so so much for reading. I hope you have a great and painless (or as painless as possible) day :).  TLDR- Biosimilars seem to be working less effectively than original medication. Is that common? Also, how do you deal with pain?
8y64av,182,190,ADR,confused,enbrel,enbrel,Biosimilars - do they work as well? So here's a bit of backstory. I've been diagnosed at 3yo. For 2 years I took methotrexate after which I had numerous side effects like being very confused the next day, developing food alergies to everything etc. Then I got put on a programme to be treated with Enbrel and I took that, with breaks, till I turned 18. At 18yo I needed to transfer to a new doctor and new hospital. Unfortunately around that time the programme has changed and instead of getting Enbrel I started getting a biosimilar called Benepali. After a while it got switched to another biosimilar (monetary reasons I suppose) called Erelzi. And here's my question - for people who expirienced such change, did biosimilars work on you the same as the original medication? I find myself to be in a lot more pain and much more often than before. With Enbrel I was able to function normally, for the vast majority of time forgetting about my disease. Rn I have trouble walking a kilometer. Also, since I never had such problems, what are you tips on dealing with pain? Are any particular diets/food items helping? Thank you so so much for reading. I hope you have a great and painless (or as painless as possible) day :).  TLDR- Biosimilars seem to be working less effectively than original medication. Is that common? Also, how do you deal with pain?
8y64av,806,815,ADR,more pain,enbrel,enbrel,Biosimilars - do they work as well? So here's a bit of backstory. I've been diagnosed at 3yo. For 2 years I took methotrexate after which I had numerous side effects like being very confused the next day, developing food alergies to everything etc. Then I got put on a programme to be treated with Enbrel and I took that, with breaks, till I turned 18. At 18yo I needed to transfer to a new doctor and new hospital. Unfortunately around that time the programme has changed and instead of getting Enbrel I started getting a biosimilar called Benepali. After a while it got switched to another biosimilar (monetary reasons I suppose) called Erelzi. And here's my question - for people who expirienced such change, did biosimilars work on you the same as the original medication? I find myself to be in a lot more pain and much more often than before. With Enbrel I was able to function normally, for the vast majority of time forgetting about my disease. Rn I have trouble walking a kilometer. Also, since I never had such problems, what are you tips on dealing with pain? Are any particular diets/food items helping? Thank you so so much for reading. I hope you have a great and painless (or as painless as possible) day :).  TLDR- Biosimilars seem to be working less effectively than original medication. Is that common? Also, how do you deal with pain?
8yp4gp,441,450,ADR,migraines,lamictal,lamictal,some kind of neurological issue? Hello,   I am a 23 year old white female. 5'2" and 215lbs (please don't be mean about my weight). Nonsmoker (weed/cigarettes). Diagnosed as bipolar 2. Currently on lithium, lamictal, sertraline, levothyroxine for hypothyroidism induced by lithium, bcp, trazodone and hydroxyzine/lorazepam prn. Started lithium mid April and started levothyroxine at the end of May.  For approx 7-8 weeks I have begun to have migraines/headaches. I have had migraines before now, but not as frequent. I also experience dizziness (but not the room spinning) and lightheadedness. I have extreme fatigue (this has been going on for a long time, but has increased lately).   I went to see my PCP on July 3rd. She ordered an MRI, as I had difficulty with walking heel to toe as well as flipping my hand over on my left side.  On the morning of July 4th, I woke up and was extremely unsteady. I would almost fall over just from walking normally. I went to urgent care as it was really hot out and I didn't know if I was just dehydrated. Upon exam at urgent care, I guess I had some abnormal signs in the neurology exam (when asked to stand with my eyes closed and my arms out in front of me, I almost immediately began to fall over). They did a CT which came back normal. They also checked my lithium level as well as my kidney function, all which came back normal. They tested for benign positional vertigo and that was ruled out. I was sent to the ER by urgent care as they were concerned about my neuro exam.  At the ER, my neuro exam had worsened slightly (more unsteady, still dizzy). They gave me meclizine (which makes me more dizzy, even at a half dose) and Reglan (which caused agitation) as well as fluids. They sent me home and told me to f/u with PCP.   I haven't felt any better. MRI w/o contrast was done last night, it was completely normal. I see neurology on Thursday but I don't know what's going on and it's freaking me out.  Additionally, I feel like my left side is "weird" when I walk. I tend to fall to the left side. Headaches are all over my head, sometimes on one side and sometimes centralized. I've also had (somewhat rare, but newer) tingling and weird feelings in my hands. Over the last 5 years I've gained 100lbs. I've also had an increasingly hard time concentrating/interpreting sound/words over the last few years. I consistently switch numbers around (i.e. 18 rather than 81). I don't know if any of this is connected. I might just be freaking myself out but I wanted to know if anyone had any ideas before I see neurology.  Thank you!
8yp4gp,451,460,ADR,headaches,lamictal,lamictal,some kind of neurological issue? Hello,   I am a 23 year old white female. 5'2" and 215lbs (please don't be mean about my weight). Nonsmoker (weed/cigarettes). Diagnosed as bipolar 2. Currently on lithium, lamictal, sertraline, levothyroxine for hypothyroidism induced by lithium, bcp, trazodone and hydroxyzine/lorazepam prn. Started lithium mid April and started levothyroxine at the end of May.  For approx 7-8 weeks I have begun to have migraines/headaches. I have had migraines before now, but not as frequent. I also experience dizziness (but not the room spinning) and lightheadedness. I have extreme fatigue (this has been going on for a long time, but has increased lately).   I went to see my PCP on July 3rd. She ordered an MRI, as I had difficulty with walking heel to toe as well as flipping my hand over on my left side.  On the morning of July 4th, I woke up and was extremely unsteady. I would almost fall over just from walking normally. I went to urgent care as it was really hot out and I didn't know if I was just dehydrated. Upon exam at urgent care, I guess I had some abnormal signs in the neurology exam (when asked to stand with my eyes closed and my arms out in front of me, I almost immediately began to fall over). They did a CT which came back normal. They also checked my lithium level as well as my kidney function, all which came back normal. They tested for benign positional vertigo and that was ruled out. I was sent to the ER by urgent care as they were concerned about my neuro exam.  At the ER, my neuro exam had worsened slightly (more unsteady, still dizzy). They gave me meclizine (which makes me more dizzy, even at a half dose) and Reglan (which caused agitation) as well as fluids. They sent me home and told me to f/u with PCP.   I haven't felt any better. MRI w/o contrast was done last night, it was completely normal. I see neurology on Thursday but I don't know what's going on and it's freaking me out.  Additionally, I feel like my left side is "weird" when I walk. I tend to fall to the left side. Headaches are all over my head, sometimes on one side and sometimes centralized. I've also had (somewhat rare, but newer) tingling and weird feelings in my hands. Over the last 5 years I've gained 100lbs. I've also had an increasingly hard time concentrating/interpreting sound/words over the last few years. I consistently switch numbers around (i.e. 18 rather than 81). I don't know if any of this is connected. I might just be freaking myself out but I wanted to know if anyone had any ideas before I see neurology.  Thank you!
8yp4gp,534,543,ADR,dizziness,lamictal,lamictal,some kind of neurological issue? Hello,   I am a 23 year old white female. 5'2" and 215lbs (please don't be mean about my weight). Nonsmoker (weed/cigarettes). Diagnosed as bipolar 2. Currently on lithium, lamictal, sertraline, levothyroxine for hypothyroidism induced by lithium, bcp, trazodone and hydroxyzine/lorazepam prn. Started lithium mid April and started levothyroxine at the end of May.  For approx 7-8 weeks I have begun to have migraines/headaches. I have had migraines before now, but not as frequent. I also experience dizziness (but not the room spinning) and lightheadedness. I have extreme fatigue (this has been going on for a long time, but has increased lately).   I went to see my PCP on July 3rd. She ordered an MRI, as I had difficulty with walking heel to toe as well as flipping my hand over on my left side.  On the morning of July 4th, I woke up and was extremely unsteady. I would almost fall over just from walking normally. I went to urgent care as it was really hot out and I didn't know if I was just dehydrated. Upon exam at urgent care, I guess I had some abnormal signs in the neurology exam (when asked to stand with my eyes closed and my arms out in front of me, I almost immediately began to fall over). They did a CT which came back normal. They also checked my lithium level as well as my kidney function, all which came back normal. They tested for benign positional vertigo and that was ruled out. I was sent to the ER by urgent care as they were concerned about my neuro exam.  At the ER, my neuro exam had worsened slightly (more unsteady, still dizzy). They gave me meclizine (which makes me more dizzy, even at a half dose) and Reglan (which caused agitation) as well as fluids. They sent me home and told me to f/u with PCP.   I haven't felt any better. MRI w/o contrast was done last night, it was completely normal. I see neurology on Thursday but I don't know what's going on and it's freaking me out.  Additionally, I feel like my left side is "weird" when I walk. I tend to fall to the left side. Headaches are all over my head, sometimes on one side and sometimes centralized. I've also had (somewhat rare, but newer) tingling and weird feelings in my hands. Over the last 5 years I've gained 100lbs. I've also had an increasingly hard time concentrating/interpreting sound/words over the last few years. I consistently switch numbers around (i.e. 18 rather than 81). I don't know if any of this is connected. I might just be freaking myself out but I wanted to know if anyone had any ideas before I see neurology.  Thank you!
8yp4gp,576,591,ADR,lightheadedness,lamictal,lamictal,some kind of neurological issue? Hello,   I am a 23 year old white female. 5'2" and 215lbs (please don't be mean about my weight). Nonsmoker (weed/cigarettes). Diagnosed as bipolar 2. Currently on lithium, lamictal, sertraline, levothyroxine for hypothyroidism induced by lithium, bcp, trazodone and hydroxyzine/lorazepam prn. Started lithium mid April and started levothyroxine at the end of May.  For approx 7-8 weeks I have begun to have migraines/headaches. I have had migraines before now, but not as frequent. I also experience dizziness (but not the room spinning) and lightheadedness. I have extreme fatigue (this has been going on for a long time, but has increased lately).   I went to see my PCP on July 3rd. She ordered an MRI, as I had difficulty with walking heel to toe as well as flipping my hand over on my left side.  On the morning of July 4th, I woke up and was extremely unsteady. I would almost fall over just from walking normally. I went to urgent care as it was really hot out and I didn't know if I was just dehydrated. Upon exam at urgent care, I guess I had some abnormal signs in the neurology exam (when asked to stand with my eyes closed and my arms out in front of me, I almost immediately began to fall over). They did a CT which came back normal. They also checked my lithium level as well as my kidney function, all which came back normal. They tested for benign positional vertigo and that was ruled out. I was sent to the ER by urgent care as they were concerned about my neuro exam.  At the ER, my neuro exam had worsened slightly (more unsteady, still dizzy). They gave me meclizine (which makes me more dizzy, even at a half dose) and Reglan (which caused agitation) as well as fluids. They sent me home and told me to f/u with PCP.   I haven't felt any better. MRI w/o contrast was done last night, it was completely normal. I see neurology on Thursday but I don't know what's going on and it's freaking me out.  Additionally, I feel like my left side is "weird" when I walk. I tend to fall to the left side. Headaches are all over my head, sometimes on one side and sometimes centralized. I've also had (somewhat rare, but newer) tingling and weird feelings in my hands. Over the last 5 years I've gained 100lbs. I've also had an increasingly hard time concentrating/interpreting sound/words over the last few years. I consistently switch numbers around (i.e. 18 rather than 81). I don't know if any of this is connected. I might just be freaking myself out but I wanted to know if anyone had any ideas before I see neurology.  Thank you!
8yp4gp,600,615,ADR,extreme fatigue,lamictal,lamictal,some kind of neurological issue? Hello,   I am a 23 year old white female. 5'2" and 215lbs (please don't be mean about my weight). Nonsmoker (weed/cigarettes). Diagnosed as bipolar 2. Currently on lithium, lamictal, sertraline, levothyroxine for hypothyroidism induced by lithium, bcp, trazodone and hydroxyzine/lorazepam prn. Started lithium mid April and started levothyroxine at the end of May.  For approx 7-8 weeks I have begun to have migraines/headaches. I have had migraines before now, but not as frequent. I also experience dizziness (but not the room spinning) and lightheadedness. I have extreme fatigue (this has been going on for a long time, but has increased lately).   I went to see my PCP on July 3rd. She ordered an MRI, as I had difficulty with walking heel to toe as well as flipping my hand over on my left side.  On the morning of July 4th, I woke up and was extremely unsteady. I would almost fall over just from walking normally. I went to urgent care as it was really hot out and I didn't know if I was just dehydrated. Upon exam at urgent care, I guess I had some abnormal signs in the neurology exam (when asked to stand with my eyes closed and my arms out in front of me, I almost immediately began to fall over). They did a CT which came back normal. They also checked my lithium level as well as my kidney function, all which came back normal. They tested for benign positional vertigo and that was ruled out. I was sent to the ER by urgent care as they were concerned about my neuro exam.  At the ER, my neuro exam had worsened slightly (more unsteady, still dizzy). They gave me meclizine (which makes me more dizzy, even at a half dose) and Reglan (which caused agitation) as well as fluids. They sent me home and told me to f/u with PCP.   I haven't felt any better. MRI w/o contrast was done last night, it was completely normal. I see neurology on Thursday but I don't know what's going on and it's freaking me out.  Additionally, I feel like my left side is "weird" when I walk. I tend to fall to the left side. Headaches are all over my head, sometimes on one side and sometimes centralized. I've also had (somewhat rare, but newer) tingling and weird feelings in my hands. Over the last 5 years I've gained 100lbs. I've also had an increasingly hard time concentrating/interpreting sound/words over the last few years. I consistently switch numbers around (i.e. 18 rather than 81). I don't know if any of this is connected. I might just be freaking myself out but I wanted to know if anyone had any ideas before I see neurology.  Thank you!
8yp4gp,1034,1045,ADR,dehydrated.,lamictal,lamictal,some kind of neurological issue? Hello,   I am a 23 year old white female. 5'2" and 215lbs (please don't be mean about my weight). Nonsmoker (weed/cigarettes). Diagnosed as bipolar 2. Currently on lithium, lamictal, sertraline, levothyroxine for hypothyroidism induced by lithium, bcp, trazodone and hydroxyzine/lorazepam prn. Started lithium mid April and started levothyroxine at the end of May.  For approx 7-8 weeks I have begun to have migraines/headaches. I have had migraines before now, but not as frequent. I also experience dizziness (but not the room spinning) and lightheadedness. I have extreme fatigue (this has been going on for a long time, but has increased lately).   I went to see my PCP on July 3rd. She ordered an MRI, as I had difficulty with walking heel to toe as well as flipping my hand over on my left side.  On the morning of July 4th, I woke up and was extremely unsteady. I would almost fall over just from walking normally. I went to urgent care as it was really hot out and I didn't know if I was just dehydrated. Upon exam at urgent care, I guess I had some abnormal signs in the neurology exam (when asked to stand with my eyes closed and my arms out in front of me, I almost immediately began to fall over). They did a CT which came back normal. They also checked my lithium level as well as my kidney function, all which came back normal. They tested for benign positional vertigo and that was ruled out. I was sent to the ER by urgent care as they were concerned about my neuro exam.  At the ER, my neuro exam had worsened slightly (more unsteady, still dizzy). They gave me meclizine (which makes me more dizzy, even at a half dose) and Reglan (which caused agitation) as well as fluids. They sent me home and told me to f/u with PCP.   I haven't felt any better. MRI w/o contrast was done last night, it was completely normal. I see neurology on Thursday but I don't know what's going on and it's freaking me out.  Additionally, I feel like my left side is "weird" when I walk. I tend to fall to the left side. Headaches are all over my head, sometimes on one side and sometimes centralized. I've also had (somewhat rare, but newer) tingling and weird feelings in my hands. Over the last 5 years I've gained 100lbs. I've also had an increasingly hard time concentrating/interpreting sound/words over the last few years. I consistently switch numbers around (i.e. 18 rather than 81). I don't know if any of this is connected. I might just be freaking myself out but I wanted to know if anyone had any ideas before I see neurology.  Thank you!
8yp4gp,1591,1596,ADR,dizzy,meclizine,meclizine,some kind of neurological issue? Hello,   I am a 23 year old white female. 5'2" and 215lbs (please don't be mean about my weight). Nonsmoker (weed/cigarettes). Diagnosed as bipolar 2. Currently on lithium, lamictal, sertraline, levothyroxine for hypothyroidism induced by lithium, bcp, trazodone and hydroxyzine/lorazepam prn. Started lithium mid April and started levothyroxine at the end of May.  For approx 7-8 weeks I have begun to have migraines/headaches. I have had migraines before now, but not as frequent. I also experience dizziness (but not the room spinning) and lightheadedness. I have extreme fatigue (this has been going on for a long time, but has increased lately).   I went to see my PCP on July 3rd. She ordered an MRI, as I had difficulty with walking heel to toe as well as flipping my hand over on my left side.  On the morning of July 4th, I woke up and was extremely unsteady. I would almost fall over just from walking normally. I went to urgent care as it was really hot out and I didn't know if I was just dehydrated. Upon exam at urgent care, I guess I had some abnormal signs in the neurology exam (when asked to stand with my eyes closed and my arms out in front of me, I almost immediately began to fall over). They did a CT which came back normal. They also checked my lithium level as well as my kidney function, all which came back normal. They tested for benign positional vertigo and that was ruled out. I was sent to the ER by urgent care as they were concerned about my neuro exam.  At the ER, my neuro exam had worsened slightly (more unsteady, still dizzy). They gave me meclizine (which makes me more dizzy, even at a half dose) and Reglan (which caused agitation) as well as fluids. They sent me home and told me to f/u with PCP.   I haven't felt any better. MRI w/o contrast was done last night, it was completely normal. I see neurology on Thursday but I don't know what's going on and it's freaking me out.  Additionally, I feel like my left side is "weird" when I walk. I tend to fall to the left side. Headaches are all over my head, sometimes on one side and sometimes centralized. I've also had (somewhat rare, but newer) tingling and weird feelings in my hands. Over the last 5 years I've gained 100lbs. I've also had an increasingly hard time concentrating/interpreting sound/words over the last few years. I consistently switch numbers around (i.e. 18 rather than 81). I don't know if any of this is connected. I might just be freaking myself out but I wanted to know if anyone had any ideas before I see neurology.  Thank you!
8yp4gp,1696,1705,ADR,agitation,lamictal,lamictal,some kind of neurological issue? Hello,   I am a 23 year old white female. 5'2" and 215lbs (please don't be mean about my weight). Nonsmoker (weed/cigarettes). Diagnosed as bipolar 2. Currently on lithium, lamictal, sertraline, levothyroxine for hypothyroidism induced by lithium, bcp, trazodone and hydroxyzine/lorazepam prn. Started lithium mid April and started levothyroxine at the end of May.  For approx 7-8 weeks I have begun to have migraines/headaches. I have had migraines before now, but not as frequent. I also experience dizziness (but not the room spinning) and lightheadedness. I have extreme fatigue (this has been going on for a long time, but has increased lately).   I went to see my PCP on July 3rd. She ordered an MRI, as I had difficulty with walking heel to toe as well as flipping my hand over on my left side.  On the morning of July 4th, I woke up and was extremely unsteady. I would almost fall over just from walking normally. I went to urgent care as it was really hot out and I didn't know if I was just dehydrated. Upon exam at urgent care, I guess I had some abnormal signs in the neurology exam (when asked to stand with my eyes closed and my arms out in front of me, I almost immediately began to fall over). They did a CT which came back normal. They also checked my lithium level as well as my kidney function, all which came back normal. They tested for benign positional vertigo and that was ruled out. I was sent to the ER by urgent care as they were concerned about my neuro exam.  At the ER, my neuro exam had worsened slightly (more unsteady, still dizzy). They gave me meclizine (which makes me more dizzy, even at a half dose) and Reglan (which caused agitation) as well as fluids. They sent me home and told me to f/u with PCP.   I haven't felt any better. MRI w/o contrast was done last night, it was completely normal. I see neurology on Thursday but I don't know what's going on and it's freaking me out.  Additionally, I feel like my left side is "weird" when I walk. I tend to fall to the left side. Headaches are all over my head, sometimes on one side and sometimes centralized. I've also had (somewhat rare, but newer) tingling and weird feelings in my hands. Over the last 5 years I've gained 100lbs. I've also had an increasingly hard time concentrating/interpreting sound/words over the last few years. I consistently switch numbers around (i.e. 18 rather than 81). I don't know if any of this is connected. I might just be freaking myself out but I wanted to know if anyone had any ideas before I see neurology.  Thank you!
8yp4gp,2172,2180,ADR,tingling,lamictal,lamictal,some kind of neurological issue? Hello,   I am a 23 year old white female. 5'2" and 215lbs (please don't be mean about my weight). Nonsmoker (weed/cigarettes). Diagnosed as bipolar 2. Currently on lithium, lamictal, sertraline, levothyroxine for hypothyroidism induced by lithium, bcp, trazodone and hydroxyzine/lorazepam prn. Started lithium mid April and started levothyroxine at the end of May.  For approx 7-8 weeks I have begun to have migraines/headaches. I have had migraines before now, but not as frequent. I also experience dizziness (but not the room spinning) and lightheadedness. I have extreme fatigue (this has been going on for a long time, but has increased lately).   I went to see my PCP on July 3rd. She ordered an MRI, as I had difficulty with walking heel to toe as well as flipping my hand over on my left side.  On the morning of July 4th, I woke up and was extremely unsteady. I would almost fall over just from walking normally. I went to urgent care as it was really hot out and I didn't know if I was just dehydrated. Upon exam at urgent care, I guess I had some abnormal signs in the neurology exam (when asked to stand with my eyes closed and my arms out in front of me, I almost immediately began to fall over). They did a CT which came back normal. They also checked my lithium level as well as my kidney function, all which came back normal. They tested for benign positional vertigo and that was ruled out. I was sent to the ER by urgent care as they were concerned about my neuro exam.  At the ER, my neuro exam had worsened slightly (more unsteady, still dizzy). They gave me meclizine (which makes me more dizzy, even at a half dose) and Reglan (which caused agitation) as well as fluids. They sent me home and told me to f/u with PCP.   I haven't felt any better. MRI w/o contrast was done last night, it was completely normal. I see neurology on Thursday but I don't know what's going on and it's freaking me out.  Additionally, I feel like my left side is "weird" when I walk. I tend to fall to the left side. Headaches are all over my head, sometimes on one side and sometimes centralized. I've also had (somewhat rare, but newer) tingling and weird feelings in my hands. Over the last 5 years I've gained 100lbs. I've also had an increasingly hard time concentrating/interpreting sound/words over the last few years. I consistently switch numbers around (i.e. 18 rather than 81). I don't know if any of this is connected. I might just be freaking myself out but I wanted to know if anyone had any ideas before I see neurology.  Thank you!
8zx6zr,423,445,ADR,super tired and spacey,lexapro,lexapro,New diagnosis I’m 19 and have been struggling with depression for as long as I can remember. I just recently started seeking treatment for it about 5 months ago after a series of what I now recognize as hypomanic episodes. (binge drinking, shopping and meeting guys are my go to during these said episodes)  After seeing a psychiatrist I was diagnosed with major depressive disorder. I got started on lexapro which made me super tired and spacey. Then I got switched to Zoloft which made my hypomania and depression worse with some suicidal ideation. I actually ended up taking 20 of those pills and throwing myself into serotonin syndrome and was hospitalized. Then I got put on Effexor which I’m currently on week 3 of taking with no avail.  Talked to my therapist today and she said she thinks I might have bipolar 2. It makes sense to me and would explain why the antidepressants fuck me up. I see my psychiatrist Monday and was just wondering what kind of meds have helped others. The thought of being on antipsychotics really kind of scares me.   Also has anyone taken adderall with bipolar 2? I think the adderall would really help me be more motivated during the depressive episodes, which is like a majority of the time.
8zx6zr,532,549,ADR,suicidal ideation,zoloft,zoloft,New diagnosis I’m 19 and have been struggling with depression for as long as I can remember. I just recently started seeking treatment for it about 5 months ago after a series of what I now recognize as hypomanic episodes. (binge drinking, shopping and meeting guys are my go to during these said episodes)  After seeing a psychiatrist I was diagnosed with major depressive disorder. I got started on lexapro which made me super tired and spacey. Then I got switched to Zoloft which made my hypomania and depression worse with some suicidal ideation. I actually ended up taking 20 of those pills and throwing myself into serotonin syndrome and was hospitalized. Then I got put on Effexor which I’m currently on week 3 of taking with no avail.  Talked to my therapist today and she said she thinks I might have bipolar 2. It makes sense to me and would explain why the antidepressants fuck me up. I see my psychiatrist Monday and was just wondering what kind of meds have helped others. The thought of being on antipsychotics really kind of scares me.   Also has anyone taken adderall with bipolar 2? I think the adderall would really help me be more motivated during the depressive episodes, which is like a majority of the time.
8zr5u3,80,87,ADR,anxiety,sertraline,sertraline,Mood Changes I've always chewed my nails, but I never knew it was because of my anxiety. I always thought it was just a habit I never managed to kick. So I tried Sertraline, which made my anxiety 10x worse. Then my doctor switched me to Effexor, of which I am now taking 150mg qday (increase from 75) because my anxiety is skyrocketing again. Nothing has really changed in my work or social life, but I feel like I am constantly on the verge of a panic attack. My mood swings are much closer to the surface. I feel like I did before I started on medication: close to a mental breakdown. I’m hoping the dose increase helps, although I am worried about withdrawal later down the line. I missed a couple of doses and had some withdrawal symptoms, so I’m not really looking forward to eventually getting off of it.  I feel like I can’t really talk to anyone about this, so this post is mostly to get this all off my chest.
8zr5u3,447,459,ADR,panic attack,effexor,effexor,Mood Changes I've always chewed my nails, but I never knew it was because of my anxiety. I always thought it was just a habit I never managed to kick. So I tried Sertraline, which made my anxiety 10x worse. Then my doctor switched me to Effexor, of which I am now taking 150mg qday (increase from 75) because my anxiety is skyrocketing again. Nothing has really changed in my work or social life, but I feel like I am constantly on the verge of a panic attack. My mood swings are much closer to the surface. I feel like I did before I started on medication: close to a mental breakdown. I’m hoping the dose increase helps, although I am worried about withdrawal later down the line. I missed a couple of doses and had some withdrawal symptoms, so I’m not really looking forward to eventually getting off of it.  I feel like I can’t really talk to anyone about this, so this post is mostly to get this all off my chest.
8zr5u3,723,742,ADR,withdrawal symptoms,effexor,effexor,Mood Changes I've always chewed my nails, but I never knew it was because of my anxiety. I always thought it was just a habit I never managed to kick. So I tried Sertraline, which made my anxiety 10x worse. Then my doctor switched me to Effexor, of which I am now taking 150mg qday (increase from 75) because my anxiety is skyrocketing again. Nothing has really changed in my work or social life, but I feel like I am constantly on the verge of a panic attack. My mood swings are much closer to the surface. I feel like I did before I started on medication: close to a mental breakdown. I’m hoping the dose increase helps, although I am worried about withdrawal later down the line. I missed a couple of doses and had some withdrawal symptoms, so I’m not really looking forward to eventually getting off of it.  I feel like I can’t really talk to anyone about this, so this post is mostly to get this all off my chest.
8zbap8,424,464,ADR,decrease in sexual interest and function,effexor,effexor,Weaning off 20mg Cipralex / Cipralex -&gt; something else? I have been taking Cipralex for almost two years now, having bumped up to 20mg about four months ago. I have been wanting to come off of it for a while because I have had awful crashes whenever I have increased my dose (however, doc recommended I try maxing it out first). Now, I've been feeling good and pretty steady, however I have really noticed an significant decrease in sexual interest and function as soon as the 20mg started taking effect, so much so that I want to try something else or stop taking antidepressants altogether for a while in hopes that my libido will return. I have been doing some reading and have heard good things about Effexor, Pristiq, and Trintellix in terms of side effects in general (aside from withdrawal from Effexor). Just wondering what experiences people have had with any or experiences with discontinuing antidepressants. Thank you!  For reference, I am a 23 y/o female doing her Master's degree. It is usually a one year program which I have opted to do in two years instead, so my stress levels will overall be much lower in the upcoming year (compared to the time I have been taking Cipralex so far). I have tried Wellbutrin in combination with Cipralex to increase motivation and energy, but had an allergic reaction to it (still disappointed).
8zbap8,789,799,ADR,withdrawal,effexor,effexor,Weaning off 20mg Cipralex / Cipralex -&gt; something else? I have been taking Cipralex for almost two years now, having bumped up to 20mg about four months ago. I have been wanting to come off of it for a while because I have had awful crashes whenever I have increased my dose (however, doc recommended I try maxing it out first). Now, I've been feeling good and pretty steady, however I have really noticed an significant decrease in sexual interest and function as soon as the 20mg started taking effect, so much so that I want to try something else or stop taking antidepressants altogether for a while in hopes that my libido will return. I have been doing some reading and have heard good things about Effexor, Pristiq, and Trintellix in terms of side effects in general (aside from withdrawal from Effexor). Just wondering what experiences people have had with any or experiences with discontinuing antidepressants. Thank you!  For reference, I am a 23 y/o female doing her Master's degree. It is usually a one year program which I have opted to do in two years instead, so my stress levels will overall be much lower in the upcoming year (compared to the time I have been taking Cipralex so far). I have tried Wellbutrin in combination with Cipralex to increase motivation and energy, but had an allergic reaction to it (still disappointed).
8zbap8,1304,1321,ADR,allergic reaction,wellbutrin,wellbutrin,Weaning off 20mg Cipralex / Cipralex -&gt; something else? I have been taking Cipralex for almost two years now, having bumped up to 20mg about four months ago. I have been wanting to come off of it for a while because I have had awful crashes whenever I have increased my dose (however, doc recommended I try maxing it out first). Now, I've been feeling good and pretty steady, however I have really noticed an significant decrease in sexual interest and function as soon as the 20mg started taking effect, so much so that I want to try something else or stop taking antidepressants altogether for a while in hopes that my libido will return. I have been doing some reading and have heard good things about Effexor, Pristiq, and Trintellix in terms of side effects in general (aside from withdrawal from Effexor). Just wondering what experiences people have had with any or experiences with discontinuing antidepressants. Thank you!  For reference, I am a 23 y/o female doing her Master's degree. It is usually a one year program which I have opted to do in two years instead, so my stress levels will overall be much lower in the upcoming year (compared to the time I have been taking Cipralex so far). I have tried Wellbutrin in combination with Cipralex to increase motivation and energy, but had an allergic reaction to it (still disappointed).
8y7dy7,565,573,ADR,suicidal,effexor,effexor,Worst 2 weeks of my life I've been struggling with anxiety and depression for basically as long as I can remember in my 24 year lifespan though the first time I can consciously remember being like yup this is that was when I was 11. But that's not important, what's important is that last December I finally went to my doctor and tried to get medicated. Since December I've been on 3 different medications to treat my brain, cipralex for 4.5 months and it made me sleep 18 hours a day, Effexor for 4.5 weeks that either did jack shit or made it worse because I was suicidal and I got off that ASAP when I realized I was just sitting there trying to figure out how to kill myself without making anyone sad, and now Prozac for the last 2ish weeks. Now you may be thinking ah worst 2 weeks, 2 weeks on Prozac, maybe some relation? Not as far as I know, this is all just background, setting the stage.   So 2 weeks ago, on June 29 I switched meds from the Effexor to Prozac. For 3 days I experienced some hellish withdrawal symptoms or something because I felt like I was drunk off my ass while standing on a boat in the middle of a hurricane. On July 3, my boyfriend and I broke up after just over a year together. It was mutual, it was amicable, but I was still devastated and  was basically catatonic, not able to do anything without sobbing for 2-3 days. I went through 3 boxes of Kleenex. When I finally got a bit of a handle on that I went back to trying to function and finally checked my email again while working on yet another draft of my current chapter for my masters thesis. It was then that I discovered on the 2nd my advisor had communicated with my schools admin and told them I needed to be put on medical leave. Now I know my work for the last god knows how long has been subpar, sleeping 18 hours a day, being suicidal, and/or being too anxious to function will do that, so here I am feeling as if I'm the biggest disappointment and failure. I eventually come to realize no, this is the absolute best thing I could do right now, take the rest of the semester, move back home, get my head on straight, work on my self care and have a plan and really come back and just kill it. So I started filling out the paperwork and getting all the signatures I needed, all of admin was incredibly understanding and kind and helpful. Then it comes time to get my advisors signature. Turns out she actually wants to drop me from my MSc. She's is currently "deciding" if she's going to put me down for permanent or temporary withdrawal from my masters as she believes that a month and a half will not be enough time for me to get my shit together and her funding for my project will run out in the new year. I understand where she's coming from with the funding thing, I do, but I've spent the last 2 years working on this thesis and if she forces me to drop to the course based masters, I'm still at least 2 semesters from being done, I still have to keep paying tuition and taking more courses, and then all of a sudden the work I've done just gets downgraded from a thesis that I've poured my heart and soul into for 2 years into a "project". I suggested I could come back part time instead of full time so she's no longer obligated to pay me. Because her funding would run out and she needs results from that she'd give my thesis topic to someone else to completely redo and write, on top of their own work, and I would have to start over. She'd rather give my masters thesis topic to someone who is already working on their Phd than give me a chance to prove to her that I can finish it.  I'm currently just waiting to find out if she'll believe in me or not. Now I'm not saying I necessarily deserve belief, I have been incredibly disappointing to her and myself, but why is it that everyone else is understanding just not her? This isn't even uncommon apparently, I don't even need to provide medical proof admin will just take it at face value, but all of a sudden one and a half months of not working makes the difference between being able to finish or not?   I'm sorry. I know this ended up ranty. I just needed to say something to someone somewhere because I can't make the thoughts stop racing telling me I'm a failure and a disappointment and that I should just give up now and withdraw myself and not bother anyone ever again. I don't even know what I've said. I think I'm mid breakdown. It's 2:30am and I can't sleep I just thought writing it out might've helped.
8y7dy7,1009,1019,ADR,withdrawal,prozac,prozac,Worst 2 weeks of my life I've been struggling with anxiety and depression for basically as long as I can remember in my 24 year lifespan though the first time I can consciously remember being like yup this is that was when I was 11. But that's not important, what's important is that last December I finally went to my doctor and tried to get medicated. Since December I've been on 3 different medications to treat my brain, cipralex for 4.5 months and it made me sleep 18 hours a day, Effexor for 4.5 weeks that either did jack shit or made it worse because I was suicidal and I got off that ASAP when I realized I was just sitting there trying to figure out how to kill myself without making anyone sad, and now Prozac for the last 2ish weeks. Now you may be thinking ah worst 2 weeks, 2 weeks on Prozac, maybe some relation? Not as far as I know, this is all just background, setting the stage.   So 2 weeks ago, on June 29 I switched meds from the Effexor to Prozac. For 3 days I experienced some hellish withdrawal symptoms or something because I felt like I was drunk off my ass while standing on a boat in the middle of a hurricane. On July 3, my boyfriend and I broke up after just over a year together. It was mutual, it was amicable, but I was still devastated and  was basically catatonic, not able to do anything without sobbing for 2-3 days. I went through 3 boxes of Kleenex. When I finally got a bit of a handle on that I went back to trying to function and finally checked my email again while working on yet another draft of my current chapter for my masters thesis. It was then that I discovered on the 2nd my advisor had communicated with my schools admin and told them I needed to be put on medical leave. Now I know my work for the last god knows how long has been subpar, sleeping 18 hours a day, being suicidal, and/or being too anxious to function will do that, so here I am feeling as if I'm the biggest disappointment and failure. I eventually come to realize no, this is the absolute best thing I could do right now, take the rest of the semester, move back home, get my head on straight, work on my self care and have a plan and really come back and just kill it. So I started filling out the paperwork and getting all the signatures I needed, all of admin was incredibly understanding and kind and helpful. Then it comes time to get my advisors signature. Turns out she actually wants to drop me from my MSc. She's is currently "deciding" if she's going to put me down for permanent or temporary withdrawal from my masters as she believes that a month and a half will not be enough time for me to get my shit together and her funding for my project will run out in the new year. I understand where she's coming from with the funding thing, I do, but I've spent the last 2 years working on this thesis and if she forces me to drop to the course based masters, I'm still at least 2 semesters from being done, I still have to keep paying tuition and taking more courses, and then all of a sudden the work I've done just gets downgraded from a thesis that I've poured my heart and soul into for 2 years into a "project". I suggested I could come back part time instead of full time so she's no longer obligated to pay me. Because her funding would run out and she needs results from that she'd give my thesis topic to someone else to completely redo and write, on top of their own work, and I would have to start over. She'd rather give my masters thesis topic to someone who is already working on their Phd than give me a chance to prove to her that I can finish it.  I'm currently just waiting to find out if she'll believe in me or not. Now I'm not saying I necessarily deserve belief, I have been incredibly disappointing to her and myself, but why is it that everyone else is understanding just not her? This isn't even uncommon apparently, I don't even need to provide medical proof admin will just take it at face value, but all of a sudden one and a half months of not working makes the difference between being able to finish or not?   I'm sorry. I know this ended up ranty. I just needed to say something to someone somewhere because I can't make the thoughts stop racing telling me I'm a failure and a disappointment and that I should just give up now and withdraw myself and not bother anyone ever again. I don't even know what I've said. I think I'm mid breakdown. It's 2:30am and I can't sleep I just thought writing it out might've helped.
8y7dy7,1290,1299,ADR,catatonic,prozac,prozac,Worst 2 weeks of my life I've been struggling with anxiety and depression for basically as long as I can remember in my 24 year lifespan though the first time I can consciously remember being like yup this is that was when I was 11. But that's not important, what's important is that last December I finally went to my doctor and tried to get medicated. Since December I've been on 3 different medications to treat my brain, cipralex for 4.5 months and it made me sleep 18 hours a day, Effexor for 4.5 weeks that either did jack shit or made it worse because I was suicidal and I got off that ASAP when I realized I was just sitting there trying to figure out how to kill myself without making anyone sad, and now Prozac for the last 2ish weeks. Now you may be thinking ah worst 2 weeks, 2 weeks on Prozac, maybe some relation? Not as far as I know, this is all just background, setting the stage.   So 2 weeks ago, on June 29 I switched meds from the Effexor to Prozac. For 3 days I experienced some hellish withdrawal symptoms or something because I felt like I was drunk off my ass while standing on a boat in the middle of a hurricane. On July 3, my boyfriend and I broke up after just over a year together. It was mutual, it was amicable, but I was still devastated and  was basically catatonic, not able to do anything without sobbing for 2-3 days. I went through 3 boxes of Kleenex. When I finally got a bit of a handle on that I went back to trying to function and finally checked my email again while working on yet another draft of my current chapter for my masters thesis. It was then that I discovered on the 2nd my advisor had communicated with my schools admin and told them I needed to be put on medical leave. Now I know my work for the last god knows how long has been subpar, sleeping 18 hours a day, being suicidal, and/or being too anxious to function will do that, so here I am feeling as if I'm the biggest disappointment and failure. I eventually come to realize no, this is the absolute best thing I could do right now, take the rest of the semester, move back home, get my head on straight, work on my self care and have a plan and really come back and just kill it. So I started filling out the paperwork and getting all the signatures I needed, all of admin was incredibly understanding and kind and helpful. Then it comes time to get my advisors signature. Turns out she actually wants to drop me from my MSc. She's is currently "deciding" if she's going to put me down for permanent or temporary withdrawal from my masters as she believes that a month and a half will not be enough time for me to get my shit together and her funding for my project will run out in the new year. I understand where she's coming from with the funding thing, I do, but I've spent the last 2 years working on this thesis and if she forces me to drop to the course based masters, I'm still at least 2 semesters from being done, I still have to keep paying tuition and taking more courses, and then all of a sudden the work I've done just gets downgraded from a thesis that I've poured my heart and soul into for 2 years into a "project". I suggested I could come back part time instead of full time so she's no longer obligated to pay me. Because her funding would run out and she needs results from that she'd give my thesis topic to someone else to completely redo and write, on top of their own work, and I would have to start over. She'd rather give my masters thesis topic to someone who is already working on their Phd than give me a chance to prove to her that I can finish it.  I'm currently just waiting to find out if she'll believe in me or not. Now I'm not saying I necessarily deserve belief, I have been incredibly disappointing to her and myself, but why is it that everyone else is understanding just not her? This isn't even uncommon apparently, I don't even need to provide medical proof admin will just take it at face value, but all of a sudden one and a half months of not working makes the difference between being able to finish or not?   I'm sorry. I know this ended up ranty. I just needed to say something to someone somewhere because I can't make the thoughts stop racing telling me I'm a failure and a disappointment and that I should just give up now and withdraw myself and not bother anyone ever again. I don't even know what I've said. I think I'm mid breakdown. It's 2:30am and I can't sleep I just thought writing it out might've helped.
8y4kos,923,937,ADR,disorientation,pristiq,pristiq,Can I Double To 100 MG's of Pristiq? After a lot of hesitation and reluctancy, I finally agreed to let my dad take me to see his G.P.    I usually don't like my dad being in my life, but we discussed my history of Anxiety, depression, Aspergers and Tourettes.    Before seeing a new doctor, I had been on Effexor (150 MGs) for about 2 years prior and been happy with it. It doesn't nessesarily make me happier, but it numbs it and helps me sleep a lot.     I went from 150 of Effexor to what he prescribed me with Cymbalta (Which I was on 100 MGs for a month). Which, like the other drugs, never really did anything (this is why I like SSRI's, because they're more aggressive). A month later (AKA a week ago) we decided to try Pristiq. Apparently the FDA is iffy on letting it by covered by most health insurance companies.       I know it's only been a week and I need to give it more time, however, I've been getting the disorientation, mild brain-zaps and dizziness when standing and walking. Is anyone here an expert on Pristiq? Can I just jump start to 100 MG's without any side effects? I can't stand being on this low of a dose.
8y4kos,944,954,ADR,brain-zaps,effexor,effexor,Can I Double To 100 MG's of Pristiq? After a lot of hesitation and reluctancy, I finally agreed to let my dad take me to see his G.P.    I usually don't like my dad being in my life, but we discussed my history of Anxiety, depression, Aspergers and Tourettes.    Before seeing a new doctor, I had been on Effexor (150 MGs) for about 2 years prior and been happy with it. It doesn't nessesarily make me happier, but it numbs it and helps me sleep a lot.     I went from 150 of Effexor to what he prescribed me with Cymbalta (Which I was on 100 MGs for a month). Which, like the other drugs, never really did anything (this is why I like SSRI's, because they're more aggressive). A month later (AKA a week ago) we decided to try Pristiq. Apparently the FDA is iffy on letting it by covered by most health insurance companies.       I know it's only been a week and I need to give it more time, however, I've been getting the disorientation, mild brain-zaps and dizziness when standing and walking. Is anyone here an expert on Pristiq? Can I just jump start to 100 MG's without any side effects? I can't stand being on this low of a dose.
8y4kos,959,968,ADR,dizziness,effexor,effexor,Can I Double To 100 MG's of Pristiq? After a lot of hesitation and reluctancy, I finally agreed to let my dad take me to see his G.P.    I usually don't like my dad being in my life, but we discussed my history of Anxiety, depression, Aspergers and Tourettes.    Before seeing a new doctor, I had been on Effexor (150 MGs) for about 2 years prior and been happy with it. It doesn't nessesarily make me happier, but it numbs it and helps me sleep a lot.     I went from 150 of Effexor to what he prescribed me with Cymbalta (Which I was on 100 MGs for a month). Which, like the other drugs, never really did anything (this is why I like SSRI's, because they're more aggressive). A month later (AKA a week ago) we decided to try Pristiq. Apparently the FDA is iffy on letting it by covered by most health insurance companies.       I know it's only been a week and I need to give it more time, however, I've been getting the disorientation, mild brain-zaps and dizziness when standing and walking. Is anyone here an expert on Pristiq? Can I just jump start to 100 MG's without any side effects? I can't stand being on this low of a dose.
8y2owj,573,579,ADR,groggy,gabapentin,gabapentin,Gabapentin for anxiety? + Effexor Hello all,  Female/29/130lbs/5’7”/Family history of OCD,anxiety,depression  I’ve been taking Effexor XR 150mg for a few years now, had worsening depression and anxiety for the last few months so a new psych that I visited upped my Effexor to another 75mg dose in the afternoon and added Gabapentin 100mg three times daily.   I’ve been taking the increased Effexor dose for about a month without seeing many side effects. However, I just started taking the Gabapentin a few days ago and am not sure what to think. The first day I felt very groggy and out of it, but definitely decreased anxiety which was a plus. However, the following few days I actually felt hyper...almost manic and keyed-up. Definitely not what I want from an anti-anxiety standpoint haha. Not sure what this means considering it makes almost everyone drowsy and calm...weird reaction to the Gaba or the mix of Effexor+Gaba? Contacted psych but no response yet.
8y2owj,709,714,ADR,manic,gabapentin,gabapentin,Gabapentin for anxiety? + Effexor Hello all,  Female/29/130lbs/5’7”/Family history of OCD,anxiety,depression  I’ve been taking Effexor XR 150mg for a few years now, had worsening depression and anxiety for the last few months so a new psych that I visited upped my Effexor to another 75mg dose in the afternoon and added Gabapentin 100mg three times daily.   I’ve been taking the increased Effexor dose for about a month without seeing many side effects. However, I just started taking the Gabapentin a few days ago and am not sure what to think. The first day I felt very groggy and out of it, but definitely decreased anxiety which was a plus. However, the following few days I actually felt hyper...almost manic and keyed-up. Definitely not what I want from an anti-anxiety standpoint haha. Not sure what this means considering it makes almost everyone drowsy and calm...weird reaction to the Gaba or the mix of Effexor+Gaba? Contacted psych but no response yet.
8y2owj,719,727,ADR,keyed-up,gabapentin,gabapentin,Gabapentin for anxiety? + Effexor Hello all,  Female/29/130lbs/5’7”/Family history of OCD,anxiety,depression  I’ve been taking Effexor XR 150mg for a few years now, had worsening depression and anxiety for the last few months so a new psych that I visited upped my Effexor to another 75mg dose in the afternoon and added Gabapentin 100mg three times daily.   I’ve been taking the increased Effexor dose for about a month without seeing many side effects. However, I just started taking the Gabapentin a few days ago and am not sure what to think. The first day I felt very groggy and out of it, but definitely decreased anxiety which was a plus. However, the following few days I actually felt hyper...almost manic and keyed-up. Definitely not what I want from an anti-anxiety standpoint haha. Not sure what this means considering it makes almost everyone drowsy and calm...weird reaction to the Gaba or the mix of Effexor+Gaba? Contacted psych but no response yet.
8yc887,486,499,ADR,hallucinating,naproxen,naproxen,I am not okay I have 2 stressful meetings today. My 10 was all yelling with 20% directed to me. I got put on 2 subteams as an outcome but basically everyone thinks I broke something and I didn’t. I even sent proof I didn’t.   My 2 is to go over my bad review. I emailed with my argument for why I should get a better score. I don’t know how the voice meeting will go but I’m bad at confrontation.   My neck hurt from my car accident so I took the naproxen and muscle relaxer. I started hallucinating so I took a 20 of geodon.   I’m just sitting here sweating and having tremors. I feel really like not okay. I’m sure I’ll feel better once my 2 is over - or at least I hope I do.   My husband said he would come home and I thought it was because I was doing so bad. No, he is doing a Pokémon go ex raid by our house and stopped by for maybe 3 minutes. Whatever, I don’t need to be so needy and I can just deal with this on my own.   I maybe shouldn’t have taken the muscle relaxer.
8yc887,570,577,ADR,tremors,geodon,geodon,I am not okay I have 2 stressful meetings today. My 10 was all yelling with 20% directed to me. I got put on 2 subteams as an outcome but basically everyone thinks I broke something and I didn’t. I even sent proof I didn’t.   My 2 is to go over my bad review. I emailed with my argument for why I should get a better score. I don’t know how the voice meeting will go but I’m bad at confrontation.   My neck hurt from my car accident so I took the naproxen and muscle relaxer. I started hallucinating so I took a 20 of geodon.   I’m just sitting here sweating and having tremors. I feel really like not okay. I’m sure I’ll feel better once my 2 is over - or at least I hope I do.   My husband said he would come home and I thought it was because I was doing so bad. No, he is doing a Pokémon go ex raid by our house and stopped by for maybe 3 minutes. Whatever, I don’t need to be so needy and I can just deal with this on my own.   I maybe shouldn’t have taken the muscle relaxer.
8zppkm,189,198,ADR,homicidal,methylphenidate,methylphenidate,Methylone for stimulant/concentration purposes? Stimulants/amphetamines are very rare to come by where I live. I have gotten my hands on methylphenidate before but all it made me do is get homicidal thoughts and anger.  Vyvanse is the only other pharmaceutical drug available but it's expensive and not worth it. Cocaine is available too but doesn't seem to fit the purpose of concentration/learning.  What do you think of methylone? My plan is to take 50-70mg before studying. it's a cathinone with way more dopamine activity than mdma but way less serotonin release which makes me believe this renders it relatively safe to do once a week or twice and the dopamine effect might play a role in concentration similar to how amphetamines sometimes act as reuptake inhibitors. I might
8zppkm,212,217,ADR,anger,methylphenidate,methylphenidate,Methylone for stimulant/concentration purposes? Stimulants/amphetamines are very rare to come by where I live. I have gotten my hands on methylphenidate before but all it made me do is get homicidal thoughts and anger.  Vyvanse is the only other pharmaceutical drug available but it's expensive and not worth it. Cocaine is available too but doesn't seem to fit the purpose of concentration/learning.  What do you think of methylone? My plan is to take 50-70mg before studying. it's a cathinone with way more dopamine activity than mdma but way less serotonin release which makes me believe this renders it relatively safe to do once a week or twice and the dopamine effect might play a role in concentration similar to how amphetamines sometimes act as reuptake inhibitors. I might
8ygjhb,268,277,ADR,irritable,vyvanse,vyvanse,Generic Adderall XR(Prasco) vs Name Brand? Hey everyone!  Recently, I made the switch from Vyvanse to Adderall XR to generics and had some questions.  I've noticed that compared to brand name, this version of Adderall seems to have alot more side effects. I feel more irritable, unfocused, and overall just "sloppier". It feels almost like an unclean version of what adderall used to be for me. I responded very well to name brand, but originally swapped for the cost. Since then, I've noticed that it seems to be alot less effective, hazier, with less focus, more anxiety, and a harder "crash" towards the end of the day. I work IT, and I find myself going back over my thoughts alot more, getting sidetracked much more, and just much more disorganized. I can see a complete change in the quality of my work. I notice my mouth is alot drier, my muscles feel alot more worn out and tired at the end of the day, and overall I feel somewhat stiff with a headache and snappier/irritated.   The medication seems to be working, but it doesn't feel like its "working" as well as it should be.   I can tell a difference between with and without medication, but this just seems alot "dirtier". After doing some reading, I found that alot of generics aren't actually made the same, and different things such as binders, salt ratios, capsule dissolving rates, and other factors can be different. As far as the FDA is concerned, as long as there is 20mg of D-amphetamine salt mix, it is the "same".   After some research, I have found that the generic adderall xr is a Sacchrate mixed with sulfate, where name brand is made out of a sulfate mixed with a saccharate.  [https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/49800043#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/49800043#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry)  [https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/5825#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/5825#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry)  I wonder if this can create a different reaction, since it is a different chemically, technically.   Has anyone else experienced any different changes with generics vs brands, specifically prasco brand Adderall XR?
8ygjhb,279,288,ADR,unfocused,adderall,adderall,Generic Adderall XR(Prasco) vs Name Brand? Hey everyone!  Recently, I made the switch from Vyvanse to Adderall XR to generics and had some questions.  I've noticed that compared to brand name, this version of Adderall seems to have alot more side effects. I feel more irritable, unfocused, and overall just "sloppier". It feels almost like an unclean version of what adderall used to be for me. I responded very well to name brand, but originally swapped for the cost. Since then, I've noticed that it seems to be alot less effective, hazier, with less focus, more anxiety, and a harder "crash" towards the end of the day. I work IT, and I find myself going back over my thoughts alot more, getting sidetracked much more, and just much more disorganized. I can see a complete change in the quality of my work. I notice my mouth is alot drier, my muscles feel alot more worn out and tired at the end of the day, and overall I feel somewhat stiff with a headache and snappier/irritated.   The medication seems to be working, but it doesn't feel like its "working" as well as it should be.   I can tell a difference between with and without medication, but this just seems alot "dirtier". After doing some reading, I found that alot of generics aren't actually made the same, and different things such as binders, salt ratios, capsule dissolving rates, and other factors can be different. As far as the FDA is concerned, as long as there is 20mg of D-amphetamine salt mix, it is the "same".   After some research, I have found that the generic adderall xr is a Sacchrate mixed with sulfate, where name brand is made out of a sulfate mixed with a saccharate.  [https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/49800043#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/49800043#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry)  [https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/5825#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/5825#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry)  I wonder if this can create a different reaction, since it is a different chemically, technically.   Has anyone else experienced any different changes with generics vs brands, specifically prasco brand Adderall XR?
8ygjhb,307,317,ADR,"sloppier",adderall,adderall,Generic Adderall XR(Prasco) vs Name Brand? Hey everyone!  Recently, I made the switch from Vyvanse to Adderall XR to generics and had some questions.  I've noticed that compared to brand name, this version of Adderall seems to have alot more side effects. I feel more irritable, unfocused, and overall just "sloppier". It feels almost like an unclean version of what adderall used to be for me. I responded very well to name brand, but originally swapped for the cost. Since then, I've noticed that it seems to be alot less effective, hazier, with less focus, more anxiety, and a harder "crash" towards the end of the day. I work IT, and I find myself going back over my thoughts alot more, getting sidetracked much more, and just much more disorganized. I can see a complete change in the quality of my work. I notice my mouth is alot drier, my muscles feel alot more worn out and tired at the end of the day, and overall I feel somewhat stiff with a headache and snappier/irritated.   The medication seems to be working, but it doesn't feel like its "working" as well as it should be.   I can tell a difference between with and without medication, but this just seems alot "dirtier". After doing some reading, I found that alot of generics aren't actually made the same, and different things such as binders, salt ratios, capsule dissolving rates, and other factors can be different. As far as the FDA is concerned, as long as there is 20mg of D-amphetamine salt mix, it is the "same".   After some research, I have found that the generic adderall xr is a Sacchrate mixed with sulfate, where name brand is made out of a sulfate mixed with a saccharate.  [https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/49800043#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/49800043#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry)  [https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/5825#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/5825#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry)  I wonder if this can create a different reaction, since it is a different chemically, technically.   Has anyone else experienced any different changes with generics vs brands, specifically prasco brand Adderall XR?
8ygjhb,965,973,ADR,snappier,vyvanse,vyvanse,Generic Adderall XR(Prasco) vs Name Brand? Hey everyone!  Recently, I made the switch from Vyvanse to Adderall XR to generics and had some questions.  I've noticed that compared to brand name, this version of Adderall seems to have alot more side effects. I feel more irritable, unfocused, and overall just "sloppier". It feels almost like an unclean version of what adderall used to be for me. I responded very well to name brand, but originally swapped for the cost. Since then, I've noticed that it seems to be alot less effective, hazier, with less focus, more anxiety, and a harder "crash" towards the end of the day. I work IT, and I find myself going back over my thoughts alot more, getting sidetracked much more, and just much more disorganized. I can see a complete change in the quality of my work. I notice my mouth is alot drier, my muscles feel alot more worn out and tired at the end of the day, and overall I feel somewhat stiff with a headache and snappier/irritated.   The medication seems to be working, but it doesn't feel like its "working" as well as it should be.   I can tell a difference between with and without medication, but this just seems alot "dirtier". After doing some reading, I found that alot of generics aren't actually made the same, and different things such as binders, salt ratios, capsule dissolving rates, and other factors can be different. As far as the FDA is concerned, as long as there is 20mg of D-amphetamine salt mix, it is the "same".   After some research, I have found that the generic adderall xr is a Sacchrate mixed with sulfate, where name brand is made out of a sulfate mixed with a saccharate.  [https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/49800043#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/49800043#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry)  [https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/5825#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/5825#section=Pharmacology-and-Biochemistry)  I wonder if this can create a different reaction, since it is a different chemically, technically.   Has anyone else experienced any different changes with generics vs brands, specifically prasco brand Adderall XR?
8y3ee6,11,24,ADR,Tunnel vision,ritalin,ritalin,(Ritalin) "Tunnel vision" hyperfocus. Dose too high? Not enough food/sleep/exercise? **TLDR: can't control the intense focus I get from Ritalin, would like advice on how to switch tasks or what I should change to maximize the benefits from the medication**  [Before anyone comments that I should try Vyvanse or Adderall or something, Ritalin the only stimulant I've tried so far that's mild enough for me (ADHD-PI). Adderall spiked my anxiety and had horrific comedowns, and Vyvanse killed my appetite and screwed with my blood sugar (I'm hypoglycemic) to the point where I may as well not have taken anything.]  I recently titrated Ritalin IR up to 30mg because 10, 15, and even 20 would work like sleeping pills for me. The only problem is, at 30 I feel like my ADHD gets worse, somehow.  30mg lifts my mood and energy levels quite a bit, and I actually do things instead of lie in bed all day, but I cannot for the life of me control that "tunnel vision" hyperfocus that comes out of it. Is that a sign of a dosage that's too high? I know stimulants are supposed to be mild and that I should barely even be feeling it. Could it have this effect if I am not getting enough sleep?  Maybe I should go back to the 20-25mg range and try that again with rigorous morning exercise? I feel like this is less of a dosage issue and more of a lifestyle/habits issue. Am I correct in thinking that? What can I do so I can maximize the benefits of the medication?
8y3ee6,26,36,ADR,hyperfocus,vyvanse,vyvanse,(Ritalin) "Tunnel vision" hyperfocus. Dose too high? Not enough food/sleep/exercise? **TLDR: can't control the intense focus I get from Ritalin, would like advice on how to switch tasks or what I should change to maximize the benefits from the medication**  [Before anyone comments that I should try Vyvanse or Adderall or something, Ritalin the only stimulant I've tried so far that's mild enough for me (ADHD-PI). Adderall spiked my anxiety and had horrific comedowns, and Vyvanse killed my appetite and screwed with my blood sugar (I'm hypoglycemic) to the point where I may as well not have taken anything.]  I recently titrated Ritalin IR up to 30mg because 10, 15, and even 20 would work like sleeping pills for me. The only problem is, at 30 I feel like my ADHD gets worse, somehow.  30mg lifts my mood and energy levels quite a bit, and I actually do things instead of lie in bed all day, but I cannot for the life of me control that "tunnel vision" hyperfocus that comes out of it. Is that a sign of a dosage that's too high? I know stimulants are supposed to be mild and that I should barely even be feeling it. Could it have this effect if I am not getting enough sleep?  Maybe I should go back to the 20-25mg range and try that again with rigorous morning exercise? I feel like this is less of a dosage issue and more of a lifestyle/habits issue. Am I correct in thinking that? What can I do so I can maximize the benefits of the medication?
8y3ee6,435,442,ADR,anxiety,vyvanse,vyvanse,(Ritalin) "Tunnel vision" hyperfocus. Dose too high? Not enough food/sleep/exercise? **TLDR: can't control the intense focus I get from Ritalin, would like advice on how to switch tasks or what I should change to maximize the benefits from the medication**  [Before anyone comments that I should try Vyvanse or Adderall or something, Ritalin the only stimulant I've tried so far that's mild enough for me (ADHD-PI). Adderall spiked my anxiety and had horrific comedowns, and Vyvanse killed my appetite and screwed with my blood sugar (I'm hypoglycemic) to the point where I may as well not have taken anything.]  I recently titrated Ritalin IR up to 30mg because 10, 15, and even 20 would work like sleeping pills for me. The only problem is, at 30 I feel like my ADHD gets worse, somehow.  30mg lifts my mood and energy levels quite a bit, and I actually do things instead of lie in bed all day, but I cannot for the life of me control that "tunnel vision" hyperfocus that comes out of it. Is that a sign of a dosage that's too high? I know stimulants are supposed to be mild and that I should barely even be feeling it. Could it have this effect if I am not getting enough sleep?  Maybe I should go back to the 20-25mg range and try that again with rigorous morning exercise? I feel like this is less of a dosage issue and more of a lifestyle/habits issue. Am I correct in thinking that? What can I do so I can maximize the benefits of the medication?
8y3ee6,460,469,ADR,comedowns,ritalin,ritalin,(Ritalin) "Tunnel vision" hyperfocus. Dose too high? Not enough food/sleep/exercise? **TLDR: can't control the intense focus I get from Ritalin, would like advice on how to switch tasks or what I should change to maximize the benefits from the medication**  [Before anyone comments that I should try Vyvanse or Adderall or something, Ritalin the only stimulant I've tried so far that's mild enough for me (ADHD-PI). Adderall spiked my anxiety and had horrific comedowns, and Vyvanse killed my appetite and screwed with my blood sugar (I'm hypoglycemic) to the point where I may as well not have taken anything.]  I recently titrated Ritalin IR up to 30mg because 10, 15, and even 20 would work like sleeping pills for me. The only problem is, at 30 I feel like my ADHD gets worse, somehow.  30mg lifts my mood and energy levels quite a bit, and I actually do things instead of lie in bed all day, but I cannot for the life of me control that "tunnel vision" hyperfocus that comes out of it. Is that a sign of a dosage that's too high? I know stimulants are supposed to be mild and that I should barely even be feeling it. Could it have this effect if I am not getting enough sleep?  Maybe I should go back to the 20-25mg range and try that again with rigorous morning exercise? I feel like this is less of a dosage issue and more of a lifestyle/habits issue. Am I correct in thinking that? What can I do so I can maximize the benefits of the medication?
8y3ee6,483,501,ADR,killed my appetite,vyvanse,vyvanse,(Ritalin) "Tunnel vision" hyperfocus. Dose too high? Not enough food/sleep/exercise? **TLDR: can't control the intense focus I get from Ritalin, would like advice on how to switch tasks or what I should change to maximize the benefits from the medication**  [Before anyone comments that I should try Vyvanse or Adderall or something, Ritalin the only stimulant I've tried so far that's mild enough for me (ADHD-PI). Adderall spiked my anxiety and had horrific comedowns, and Vyvanse killed my appetite and screwed with my blood sugar (I'm hypoglycemic) to the point where I may as well not have taken anything.]  I recently titrated Ritalin IR up to 30mg because 10, 15, and even 20 would work like sleeping pills for me. The only problem is, at 30 I feel like my ADHD gets worse, somehow.  30mg lifts my mood and energy levels quite a bit, and I actually do things instead of lie in bed all day, but I cannot for the life of me control that "tunnel vision" hyperfocus that comes out of it. Is that a sign of a dosage that's too high? I know stimulants are supposed to be mild and that I should barely even be feeling it. Could it have this effect if I am not getting enough sleep?  Maybe I should go back to the 20-25mg range and try that again with rigorous morning exercise? I feel like this is less of a dosage issue and more of a lifestyle/habits issue. Am I correct in thinking that? What can I do so I can maximize the benefits of the medication?
8y50uy,312,316,ADR,rash,diltiazem,diltiazem,How quickly should metoprolol work? 21f Hi, 21f with SVT (atrial tachycardia). My heart rate usually never goes below 90 bpm and sits at 100-140 depending on what I’m doing which is rather frustrating and uncomfortable. I had an unsuccessful ablation in June and was put on diltiazem afterwards, which gave me a rash and did not lower my heart rate. So now I am trying metoprolol succinate 25mg. How quickly should it help? It’s been two days and nothing has changed so far
8yfxeo,531,543,ADR,palpitations,metoprolol,metoprolol,tachycardia and bradycardia at rest So, 30 year old female with Paroxysmal Afib, on metoprolol  A few weeks ago I was having my heart rate sit around 100-120bpm when I was at rest, even when I was most relaxed and watching TV laying down. This was unusually high for me, especially since I am on Metoprolol.  Now, a few weeks later it is sitting low when I am at rest. It's in the 50s-mid 40s.   Has anyone had this? It normally just sits in the normal range.   I don't see my electrophysiologist until late September. I get daily palpitations, and the occasional heart rate shooting up, but this is new. Right now I worry how low my heart rate might be dropping when I sleep. (my blood pressure is low, both numbers in double digits, but that's been my whole life)
id,start,end,semantic_type,span,reldrug,tgtdrug,text
8zctsr,23,40,ADR,drug interactions,effexor,effexor,Has anyone had any bad drug interactions with different racetams? I saw on here people had good results with the racetams. I take medication evey day. 150mg of lamictal twice per day, 75mg of effexor once per day, and some thyroid medicine since I have hypothyroidism. Does anyone know if these medications are not compatible with certain nootropics?
8yy4i2,303,321,ADR,passively suicidal,effexor,effexor,When is it time to go inpatient? I've been in a bad depression spiral for the past week (I had about a 3 week reprieve from an approximately 2 month long episode most recently). I take Effexor and am in weekly individual therapy.   Maybe important to note is that I feel like I am always to some degree passively suicidal.    When is it "time" to seriously consider inpatient treatment? Tonight is bad -- as in, I'm cocooning myself at home because if I go out I feel like the temptation to jump in front of a train/off a bridge is too loud.   I live alone in a large city. The hospitals here are constantly overwhelmed and I don't have the money for a copay that will just be for a doctor telling me to go home and follow up with my psych/therapist tomorrow (I honestly cant afford an inpatient stay either). I'm just so sad and tired of living this endless cycle of depression.
8yjthx,72,79,ADR,shaking,effexor,effexor,help i just swallowed a handful of my old prescription (effexor) and im shaking in my bed and im passing out. im too scared to tell anyone about it either
8yacr5,254,264,ADR,Brain zaps,effexor,effexor,Coming off antidepressants is like hell I FINALLY changed doctors after being on every SSRI they make at one point or another and my old doctor telling me the side effects must be a symptom of my mental illness.   I’m withdrawing from Effexor this week. Brain zaps, crying spells, intrusive thoughts. UGHHHH. My new doctor gave me a DNA test to determine which medications will work with my genes best. But I don’t know if I’ll ever go back on an antidepressant even after I get the test results. It’s been 3 constant years of trying meds, upping them, getting side effects, withdrawing from meds, and trying another one.  This is the 9th mental health medication I’ve tried... I can’t stand it anymore.
8yacr5,266,279,ADR,crying spells,effexor,effexor,Coming off antidepressants is like hell I FINALLY changed doctors after being on every SSRI they make at one point or another and my old doctor telling me the side effects must be a symptom of my mental illness.   I’m withdrawing from Effexor this week. Brain zaps, crying spells, intrusive thoughts. UGHHHH. My new doctor gave me a DNA test to determine which medications will work with my genes best. But I don’t know if I’ll ever go back on an antidepressant even after I get the test results. It’s been 3 constant years of trying meds, upping them, getting side effects, withdrawing from meds, and trying another one.  This is the 9th mental health medication I’ve tried... I can’t stand it anymore.
8yacr5,281,299,ADR,intrusive thoughts,effexor,effexor,Coming off antidepressants is like hell I FINALLY changed doctors after being on every SSRI they make at one point or another and my old doctor telling me the side effects must be a symptom of my mental illness.   I’m withdrawing from Effexor this week. Brain zaps, crying spells, intrusive thoughts. UGHHHH. My new doctor gave me a DNA test to determine which medications will work with my genes best. But I don’t know if I’ll ever go back on an antidepressant even after I get the test results. It’s been 3 constant years of trying meds, upping them, getting side effects, withdrawing from meds, and trying another one.  This is the 9th mental health medication I’ve tried... I can’t stand it anymore.
8y2ghj,511,517,ADR,groggy,effexor,effexor,Experiences with Gabapentin for anxiety? Hello all,  I’ve been taking Effexor XR 150mg for a few years now, had worsening depression and anxiety for the last few months so a new psych that I visited upped my Effexor to another 75mg in the afternoon and added Gabapentin 100mg three times daily.   I’ve been taking the increased Effexor dose for about a month without seeing many side effects. However, I just started taking the Gabapentin a few days ago and am not sure what to think. The first day I felt very groggy and out of it, but definitely decreased anxiety. However, the following few days I actually felt hyper...almost manic and keyed-up. Definitely not what I want from an anti-anxiety standpoint haha. Not sure what this means considering it makes almost everyone drowsy...weird reaction to the Gaba or the mix of Effexor+Gaba?   Any of you redditors have a lot of experience with Gabapentin? Preferably for anxiety/mood, not for pain.
8y2ghj,630,635,ADR,manic,effexor,effexor,Experiences with Gabapentin for anxiety? Hello all,  I’ve been taking Effexor XR 150mg for a few years now, had worsening depression and anxiety for the last few months so a new psych that I visited upped my Effexor to another 75mg in the afternoon and added Gabapentin 100mg three times daily.   I’ve been taking the increased Effexor dose for about a month without seeing many side effects. However, I just started taking the Gabapentin a few days ago and am not sure what to think. The first day I felt very groggy and out of it, but definitely decreased anxiety. However, the following few days I actually felt hyper...almost manic and keyed-up. Definitely not what I want from an anti-anxiety standpoint haha. Not sure what this means considering it makes almost everyone drowsy...weird reaction to the Gaba or the mix of Effexor+Gaba?   Any of you redditors have a lot of experience with Gabapentin? Preferably for anxiety/mood, not for pain.
8y2ghj,640,648,ADR,keyed-up,effexor,effexor,Experiences with Gabapentin for anxiety? Hello all,  I’ve been taking Effexor XR 150mg for a few years now, had worsening depression and anxiety for the last few months so a new psych that I visited upped my Effexor to another 75mg in the afternoon and added Gabapentin 100mg three times daily.   I’ve been taking the increased Effexor dose for about a month without seeing many side effects. However, I just started taking the Gabapentin a few days ago and am not sure what to think. The first day I felt very groggy and out of it, but definitely decreased anxiety. However, the following few days I actually felt hyper...almost manic and keyed-up. Definitely not what I want from an anti-anxiety standpoint haha. Not sure what this means considering it makes almost everyone drowsy...weird reaction to the Gaba or the mix of Effexor+Gaba?   Any of you redditors have a lot of experience with Gabapentin? Preferably for anxiety/mood, not for pain.
8xzmho,36,47,ADR,weight gain,effexor,effexor,Weight Gain? Has anyone experienced weight gain on Effexor? I started Effexor after having pretty severe postpartum depression with my first baby about  7-8 months ago. As I started to increase the dosage I’ve noticed a steady increase in weight however, it seems like it’s more water retention. I workout 4-5 times a week and have always been a pretty clean eater, with this said it doesn’t seem to matter and the weight will not come off and actually keeps increasing.  I’m going to start tapering off slowly since the side effects I have experienced when I forgot to refill the medication were terrible ie brain tremors, nausea, irritability etc.   I’m on 150mg and have also noticed the following side effects:  Constipation Random sweating/hot all the time (I used to be cold all the time) Weird dreams Insomnia Munchy (this is part of the weight gain except I’ve done a calorie deficit for over a month with an increase in weight) Bruising (I get huge bruises if I even bump my leg on something)  This medication really helped me during a time I needed it however, I think doctors are too quick to increase dosage and it’s important to know the side effects and what it takes to taper off. I’m definitely nervous about the side effects of going off this medication.
8xzmho,279,294,ADR,water retention,effexor,effexor,Weight Gain? Has anyone experienced weight gain on Effexor? I started Effexor after having pretty severe postpartum depression with my first baby about  7-8 months ago. As I started to increase the dosage I’ve noticed a steady increase in weight however, it seems like it’s more water retention. I workout 4-5 times a week and have always been a pretty clean eater, with this said it doesn’t seem to matter and the weight will not come off and actually keeps increasing.  I’m going to start tapering off slowly since the side effects I have experienced when I forgot to refill the medication were terrible ie brain tremors, nausea, irritability etc.   I’m on 150mg and have also noticed the following side effects:  Constipation Random sweating/hot all the time (I used to be cold all the time) Weird dreams Insomnia Munchy (this is part of the weight gain except I’ve done a calorie deficit for over a month with an increase in weight) Bruising (I get huge bruises if I even bump my leg on something)  This medication really helped me during a time I needed it however, I think doctors are too quick to increase dosage and it’s important to know the side effects and what it takes to taper off. I’m definitely nervous about the side effects of going off this medication.
8xzmho,609,622,ADR,brain tremors,effexor,effexor,Weight Gain? Has anyone experienced weight gain on Effexor? I started Effexor after having pretty severe postpartum depression with my first baby about  7-8 months ago. As I started to increase the dosage I’ve noticed a steady increase in weight however, it seems like it’s more water retention. I workout 4-5 times a week and have always been a pretty clean eater, with this said it doesn’t seem to matter and the weight will not come off and actually keeps increasing.  I’m going to start tapering off slowly since the side effects I have experienced when I forgot to refill the medication were terrible ie brain tremors, nausea, irritability etc.   I’m on 150mg and have also noticed the following side effects:  Constipation Random sweating/hot all the time (I used to be cold all the time) Weird dreams Insomnia Munchy (this is part of the weight gain except I’ve done a calorie deficit for over a month with an increase in weight) Bruising (I get huge bruises if I even bump my leg on something)  This medication really helped me during a time I needed it however, I think doctors are too quick to increase dosage and it’s important to know the side effects and what it takes to taper off. I’m definitely nervous about the side effects of going off this medication.
8xzmho,624,630,ADR,nausea,effexor,effexor,Weight Gain? Has anyone experienced weight gain on Effexor? I started Effexor after having pretty severe postpartum depression with my first baby about  7-8 months ago. As I started to increase the dosage I’ve noticed a steady increase in weight however, it seems like it’s more water retention. I workout 4-5 times a week and have always been a pretty clean eater, with this said it doesn’t seem to matter and the weight will not come off and actually keeps increasing.  I’m going to start tapering off slowly since the side effects I have experienced when I forgot to refill the medication were terrible ie brain tremors, nausea, irritability etc.   I’m on 150mg and have also noticed the following side effects:  Constipation Random sweating/hot all the time (I used to be cold all the time) Weird dreams Insomnia Munchy (this is part of the weight gain except I’ve done a calorie deficit for over a month with an increase in weight) Bruising (I get huge bruises if I even bump my leg on something)  This medication really helped me during a time I needed it however, I think doctors are too quick to increase dosage and it’s important to know the side effects and what it takes to taper off. I’m definitely nervous about the side effects of going off this medication.
8xzmho,632,644,ADR,irritability,effexor,effexor,Weight Gain? Has anyone experienced weight gain on Effexor? I started Effexor after having pretty severe postpartum depression with my first baby about  7-8 months ago. As I started to increase the dosage I’ve noticed a steady increase in weight however, it seems like it’s more water retention. I workout 4-5 times a week and have always been a pretty clean eater, with this said it doesn’t seem to matter and the weight will not come off and actually keeps increasing.  I’m going to start tapering off slowly since the side effects I have experienced when I forgot to refill the medication were terrible ie brain tremors, nausea, irritability etc.   I’m on 150mg and have also noticed the following side effects:  Constipation Random sweating/hot all the time (I used to be cold all the time) Weird dreams Insomnia Munchy (this is part of the weight gain except I’ve done a calorie deficit for over a month with an increase in weight) Bruising (I get huge bruises if I even bump my leg on something)  This medication really helped me during a time I needed it however, I think doctors are too quick to increase dosage and it’s important to know the side effects and what it takes to taper off. I’m definitely nervous about the side effects of going off this medication.
8xzmho,736,744,ADR,sweating,effexor,effexor,Weight Gain? Has anyone experienced weight gain on Effexor? I started Effexor after having pretty severe postpartum depression with my first baby about  7-8 months ago. As I started to increase the dosage I’ve noticed a steady increase in weight however, it seems like it’s more water retention. I workout 4-5 times a week and have always been a pretty clean eater, with this said it doesn’t seem to matter and the weight will not come off and actually keeps increasing.  I’m going to start tapering off slowly since the side effects I have experienced when I forgot to refill the medication were terrible ie brain tremors, nausea, irritability etc.   I’m on 150mg and have also noticed the following side effects:  Constipation Random sweating/hot all the time (I used to be cold all the time) Weird dreams Insomnia Munchy (this is part of the weight gain except I’ve done a calorie deficit for over a month with an increase in weight) Bruising (I get huge bruises if I even bump my leg on something)  This medication really helped me during a time I needed it however, I think doctors are too quick to increase dosage and it’s important to know the side effects and what it takes to taper off. I’m definitely nervous about the side effects of going off this medication.
8xzmho,808,816,ADR,Insomnia,effexor,effexor,Weight Gain? Has anyone experienced weight gain on Effexor? I started Effexor after having pretty severe postpartum depression with my first baby about  7-8 months ago. As I started to increase the dosage I’ve noticed a steady increase in weight however, it seems like it’s more water retention. I workout 4-5 times a week and have always been a pretty clean eater, with this said it doesn’t seem to matter and the weight will not come off and actually keeps increasing.  I’m going to start tapering off slowly since the side effects I have experienced when I forgot to refill the medication were terrible ie brain tremors, nausea, irritability etc.   I’m on 150mg and have also noticed the following side effects:  Constipation Random sweating/hot all the time (I used to be cold all the time) Weird dreams Insomnia Munchy (this is part of the weight gain except I’ve done a calorie deficit for over a month with an increase in weight) Bruising (I get huge bruises if I even bump my leg on something)  This medication really helped me during a time I needed it however, I think doctors are too quick to increase dosage and it’s important to know the side effects and what it takes to taper off. I’m definitely nervous about the side effects of going off this medication.
8xzmho,937,945,ADR,Bruising,effexor,effexor,Weight Gain? Has anyone experienced weight gain on Effexor? I started Effexor after having pretty severe postpartum depression with my first baby about  7-8 months ago. As I started to increase the dosage I’ve noticed a steady increase in weight however, it seems like it’s more water retention. I workout 4-5 times a week and have always been a pretty clean eater, with this said it doesn’t seem to matter and the weight will not come off and actually keeps increasing.  I’m going to start tapering off slowly since the side effects I have experienced when I forgot to refill the medication were terrible ie brain tremors, nausea, irritability etc.   I’m on 150mg and have also noticed the following side effects:  Constipation Random sweating/hot all the time (I used to be cold all the time) Weird dreams Insomnia Munchy (this is part of the weight gain except I’ve done a calorie deficit for over a month with an increase in weight) Bruising (I get huge bruises if I even bump my leg on something)  This medication really helped me during a time I needed it however, I think doctors are too quick to increase dosage and it’s important to know the side effects and what it takes to taper off. I’m definitely nervous about the side effects of going off this medication.
8zaku8,30,43,ADR,hallucination,geodon,geodon,Echoing in my ears. Is this a hallucination? Age: 27 Gender: Male Height: 5'5" Weight: 105 Medications: Geodon, Lamictal, Celexa Duration of complaint: 4+ years Smoking status: no smoking, no weed, no drugs Diagnoses: bipolar 1 (possible schizoaffective)  Sometimes I hear "echoes" in my ears. For example, I'll hear a phone ringing for 3 rings, then the phone goes to voicemail and stops ringing. But I'll keep hearing the ringing echoing in my ear. It'll last for minutes, like anywhere from 2-10 minutes. Is this a hallucination? Or is this something else? I'm prone to hallucinations, btw. This just happens sometimes.  Thanks!
8zx6xq,377,384,ADR,anxious,vyvanse,vyvanse,Been on vyvanse for about a week I just recently got diagnosed with adhd, mainly inattentive, and my doctor prescribed 30 mg of vyvanse once a day. My twin sister is also on vyvanse and her psychiatrist has her on 100 mg. We’re both around the same size and overweight. Is it normal to be crashing around noon when I took it around 7:15 this morning?? I’ve been getting really anxious and very irritable in the afternoon.   I take my meds before I go to class and then either go to work right after or stay at the school to study but this week has been really hard with staying productive and having motivation to study.
8zx6xq,394,403,ADR,irritable,vyvanse,vyvanse,Been on vyvanse for about a week I just recently got diagnosed with adhd, mainly inattentive, and my doctor prescribed 30 mg of vyvanse once a day. My twin sister is also on vyvanse and her psychiatrist has her on 100 mg. We’re both around the same size and overweight. Is it normal to be crashing around noon when I took it around 7:15 this morning?? I’ve been getting really anxious and very irritable in the afternoon.   I take my meds before I go to class and then either go to work right after or stay at the school to study but this week has been really hard with staying productive and having motivation to study.
8zwz44,163,170,ADR,seizure,vyvanse,vyvanse,Tramadol 15h after vyvanse safe? Hi im just wondering if its safe to take tramadol 15h after vyvanse and if promethazine and melatonin would lower my chances of a seizure. Thanks in advance.
8zrymq,618,630,ADR,irritability,vyvanse,vyvanse,Effect of stimulants on the body Hi all,   I’ve been taking prescribed 50 mg Vyvanse and 25 mg IR Adderall for the past nearly two years (22 year old male). I was wondering if anyone could point me in the right direction regarding the effect these stimulants may have on my bodies vitamin and mineral levels which may now be thrown slightly out of wack.   I’m not sure if it started exactly when I started using adderall but for some reason, I have a very tight pelvic floor where it’s always overly clinched, and sometimes it will just involuntarily contract. In addition, when I’m coming down, I experience a lot of irritability. While im on the medicine, my jaw is clinched shut and I feel like I have to have a pinch of tobacco in my mouth at all times.   I think for various reasons, accelerated by my medicine, I’ve been putting a lot of stress into my body. I was wondering if any of you guys have experienced this and if you have, how you treated it- whether that be supplements or techniques.   Thanks
8zmagt,158,167,ADR,withdrawl,vyvanse,vyvanse,s l i p p e d u p After a successful 2 weeks from stims and nicotine, I just binged 120mg of vyvanse over 24 hrs. Got up this morning and I'm already back in withdrawl. On top of that the weed I was using to cope with the symptoms caused hallucinations.  Safe to say I'm back at work in front of spreadsheets dying to kill myself. (exaggeration)
8zmagt,238,252,ADR,hallucinations,vyvanse,vyvanse,s l i p p e d u p After a successful 2 weeks from stims and nicotine, I just binged 120mg of vyvanse over 24 hrs. Got up this morning and I'm already back in withdrawl. On top of that the weed I was using to cope with the symptoms caused hallucinations.  Safe to say I'm back at work in front of spreadsheets dying to kill myself. (exaggeration)
8z5xlx,188,198,ADR,dependency,vyvanse,vyvanse,How to start Phenibut responsibly in combo with ADHD medication? I just bought 300mg Phenibut capsules from LiftMode. I want to use it as responsibly as possible to eliminate any risks of dependency or withdrawal while using. I take Focalin XR 20 mg on days that I work only (usually 5 days out of the week.) I may be switching to Vyvanse, but I haven't decided yet. I was hoping to get a recommendation for a really good weekly dosing plan to help with crippling social anxiety. Thanks in advance
8z5xlx,202,212,ADR,withdrawal,vyvanse,vyvanse,How to start Phenibut responsibly in combo with ADHD medication? I just bought 300mg Phenibut capsules from LiftMode. I want to use it as responsibly as possible to eliminate any risks of dependency or withdrawal while using. I take Focalin XR 20 mg on days that I work only (usually 5 days out of the week.) I may be switching to Vyvanse, but I haven't decided yet. I was hoping to get a recommendation for a really good weekly dosing plan to help with crippling social anxiety. Thanks in advance
8ywwbg,389,397,ADR,migraine,vyvanse,vyvanse,Help please So not too long ago I was diagnosed with having ADD. It was an adjustment as a twenty year old to finally get answers and hear that for the first time. I was prescribed 50mg of Vyvanse to start, and I can say the first day was eye opening. I never felt so motivated to work and I've never been so happy to do it. The second day comes and it is not so great. I get a ridiculous migraine and and my blood pressure just rises like crazy. I go to urgent care and they explain to me that my doctor prescribed too high of a dose to start with and that I need to stop until I see him again. It really helped so much to finally want to pay attention and work, but now I'm afraid that other stimulant medication will not work. Does anyone have any experience or advice? It would be greatly appreciated.
8yv7jp,20,27,ADR,anxiety,vyvanse,vyvanse,CDP-Choline induces anxiety and sleepiness? I've been trying to read into this a bit, but I haven't seen much more than anecdotal information. I have a few questions at the end, I will be giving some background first.  Basically I bought CDP-Choline (250mg per capsule) months ago, initially trying to take for memory increase. I became really irritable every time I'd take it, so I've stopped, not really finding much information initially.  I was recently prescribed 30mg Vyvanse, and it's helped me wonders. No real side effects whatsoever. Just a little harder to sleep initially, oh and jaw clenching, but that doesn't bother me.  I was looking into some research on reducing any potential neurotoxicity of stimulants, I saw choline being brought up a lot. I decided to try it again, for added memory benefit as well.  After taking, my anxiety exponentially sky rocketed, and the effects of the Vyvanse nearly disappeared. And keep in mind, I never really struggled with anxiety previously. Having remembered THC reduces acetylcholine levels and that it's the only supplement/herb I had quick access to, I decided to try that despite hating the fact that THC diminishes the Vyvanse's effects.  Wow, almost instantly my anxiety disappeared. Anxiety was a lot less for the following few hours, I redosed another small amount of THC, again it disappears. (Also keep in mind, THC does nothing for general anxiety for me, may even worsen it sometimes.)  Again I thought that was the end of it, I will just no longer be taking CDP-Choline. I did know CDP-Choline's half life is relatively long, so I wasn't sure what to expect the following days.  It's the next day, slept well, woke with slight anxiety, much before taking the Vyvanse. Ignored it and hoped it'd just diminish to a more tolerable level soon. After eating some eggs (I just now realized I should have not done that), my anxiety began to increase and holy shit did I become so tired. This time I tried come emergency CBD I had (supposedly ALSO reduces acetylcholine levels), seemed to help a little but nothing of significance. I again tried a small dose of THC, near instantly my anxiety disappears and the expected Vyvanse energy is back in full swing. (Normally THC makes me so tired.)  Did a little more research and with some people do in fact get anxiety, depression, lethargy etc from taking too much, and 250mg may just not be tolerable with me. And so far all of these events together definitely make me believe I just cannot tolerate such a high CDP-Choline amount.  I guess my main question is: does my hypothesis make sense?  Does CDP-Choline really have such a long half-life?  Can CDP-Choline truly cause anxiety, tiredness, depression etc if taken too much?  One important note as well, I hear many saying if taken too much, it actually causes your neurotransmitters to ALL downregulate. I don't really understand the method of action here, or if this is even true, but it seems to make some sense. Since it would downregulate dopamine and norepinephrine, basically cancelling the effects of the Vyvanse.  So does choline "over dose" truly result in neurotransmitter downregulation?   Thanks!
8yv7jp,32,42,ADR,sleepiness,vyvanse,vyvanse,CDP-Choline induces anxiety and sleepiness? I've been trying to read into this a bit, but I haven't seen much more than anecdotal information. I have a few questions at the end, I will be giving some background first.  Basically I bought CDP-Choline (250mg per capsule) months ago, initially trying to take for memory increase. I became really irritable every time I'd take it, so I've stopped, not really finding much information initially.  I was recently prescribed 30mg Vyvanse, and it's helped me wonders. No real side effects whatsoever. Just a little harder to sleep initially, oh and jaw clenching, but that doesn't bother me.  I was looking into some research on reducing any potential neurotoxicity of stimulants, I saw choline being brought up a lot. I decided to try it again, for added memory benefit as well.  After taking, my anxiety exponentially sky rocketed, and the effects of the Vyvanse nearly disappeared. And keep in mind, I never really struggled with anxiety previously. Having remembered THC reduces acetylcholine levels and that it's the only supplement/herb I had quick access to, I decided to try that despite hating the fact that THC diminishes the Vyvanse's effects.  Wow, almost instantly my anxiety disappeared. Anxiety was a lot less for the following few hours, I redosed another small amount of THC, again it disappears. (Also keep in mind, THC does nothing for general anxiety for me, may even worsen it sometimes.)  Again I thought that was the end of it, I will just no longer be taking CDP-Choline. I did know CDP-Choline's half life is relatively long, so I wasn't sure what to expect the following days.  It's the next day, slept well, woke with slight anxiety, much before taking the Vyvanse. Ignored it and hoped it'd just diminish to a more tolerable level soon. After eating some eggs (I just now realized I should have not done that), my anxiety began to increase and holy shit did I become so tired. This time I tried come emergency CBD I had (supposedly ALSO reduces acetylcholine levels), seemed to help a little but nothing of significance. I again tried a small dose of THC, near instantly my anxiety disappears and the expected Vyvanse energy is back in full swing. (Normally THC makes me so tired.)  Did a little more research and with some people do in fact get anxiety, depression, lethargy etc from taking too much, and 250mg may just not be tolerable with me. And so far all of these events together definitely make me believe I just cannot tolerate such a high CDP-Choline amount.  I guess my main question is: does my hypothesis make sense?  Does CDP-Choline really have such a long half-life?  Can CDP-Choline truly cause anxiety, tiredness, depression etc if taken too much?  One important note as well, I hear many saying if taken too much, it actually causes your neurotransmitters to ALL downregulate. I don't really understand the method of action here, or if this is even true, but it seems to make some sense. Since it would downregulate dopamine and norepinephrine, basically cancelling the effects of the Vyvanse.  So does choline "over dose" truly result in neurotransmitter downregulation?   Thanks!
8yv7jp,344,353,ADR,irritable,vyvanse,vyvanse,CDP-Choline induces anxiety and sleepiness? I've been trying to read into this a bit, but I haven't seen much more than anecdotal information. I have a few questions at the end, I will be giving some background first.  Basically I bought CDP-Choline (250mg per capsule) months ago, initially trying to take for memory increase. I became really irritable every time I'd take it, so I've stopped, not really finding much information initially.  I was recently prescribed 30mg Vyvanse, and it's helped me wonders. No real side effects whatsoever. Just a little harder to sleep initially, oh and jaw clenching, but that doesn't bother me.  I was looking into some research on reducing any potential neurotoxicity of stimulants, I saw choline being brought up a lot. I decided to try it again, for added memory benefit as well.  After taking, my anxiety exponentially sky rocketed, and the effects of the Vyvanse nearly disappeared. And keep in mind, I never really struggled with anxiety previously. Having remembered THC reduces acetylcholine levels and that it's the only supplement/herb I had quick access to, I decided to try that despite hating the fact that THC diminishes the Vyvanse's effects.  Wow, almost instantly my anxiety disappeared. Anxiety was a lot less for the following few hours, I redosed another small amount of THC, again it disappears. (Also keep in mind, THC does nothing for general anxiety for me, may even worsen it sometimes.)  Again I thought that was the end of it, I will just no longer be taking CDP-Choline. I did know CDP-Choline's half life is relatively long, so I wasn't sure what to expect the following days.  It's the next day, slept well, woke with slight anxiety, much before taking the Vyvanse. Ignored it and hoped it'd just diminish to a more tolerable level soon. After eating some eggs (I just now realized I should have not done that), my anxiety began to increase and holy shit did I become so tired. This time I tried come emergency CBD I had (supposedly ALSO reduces acetylcholine levels), seemed to help a little but nothing of significance. I again tried a small dose of THC, near instantly my anxiety disappears and the expected Vyvanse energy is back in full swing. (Normally THC makes me so tired.)  Did a little more research and with some people do in fact get anxiety, depression, lethargy etc from taking too much, and 250mg may just not be tolerable with me. And so far all of these events together definitely make me believe I just cannot tolerate such a high CDP-Choline amount.  I guess my main question is: does my hypothesis make sense?  Does CDP-Choline really have such a long half-life?  Can CDP-Choline truly cause anxiety, tiredness, depression etc if taken too much?  One important note as well, I hear many saying if taken too much, it actually causes your neurotransmitters to ALL downregulate. I don't really understand the method of action here, or if this is even true, but it seems to make some sense. Since it would downregulate dopamine and norepinephrine, basically cancelling the effects of the Vyvanse.  So does choline "over dose" truly result in neurotransmitter downregulation?   Thanks!
8yv7jp,592,605,ADR,jaw clenching,vyvanse,vyvanse,CDP-Choline induces anxiety and sleepiness? I've been trying to read into this a bit, but I haven't seen much more than anecdotal information. I have a few questions at the end, I will be giving some background first.  Basically I bought CDP-Choline (250mg per capsule) months ago, initially trying to take for memory increase. I became really irritable every time I'd take it, so I've stopped, not really finding much information initially.  I was recently prescribed 30mg Vyvanse, and it's helped me wonders. No real side effects whatsoever. Just a little harder to sleep initially, oh and jaw clenching, but that doesn't bother me.  I was looking into some research on reducing any potential neurotoxicity of stimulants, I saw choline being brought up a lot. I decided to try it again, for added memory benefit as well.  After taking, my anxiety exponentially sky rocketed, and the effects of the Vyvanse nearly disappeared. And keep in mind, I never really struggled with anxiety previously. Having remembered THC reduces acetylcholine levels and that it's the only supplement/herb I had quick access to, I decided to try that despite hating the fact that THC diminishes the Vyvanse's effects.  Wow, almost instantly my anxiety disappeared. Anxiety was a lot less for the following few hours, I redosed another small amount of THC, again it disappears. (Also keep in mind, THC does nothing for general anxiety for me, may even worsen it sometimes.)  Again I thought that was the end of it, I will just no longer be taking CDP-Choline. I did know CDP-Choline's half life is relatively long, so I wasn't sure what to expect the following days.  It's the next day, slept well, woke with slight anxiety, much before taking the Vyvanse. Ignored it and hoped it'd just diminish to a more tolerable level soon. After eating some eggs (I just now realized I should have not done that), my anxiety began to increase and holy shit did I become so tired. This time I tried come emergency CBD I had (supposedly ALSO reduces acetylcholine levels), seemed to help a little but nothing of significance. I again tried a small dose of THC, near instantly my anxiety disappears and the expected Vyvanse energy is back in full swing. (Normally THC makes me so tired.)  Did a little more research and with some people do in fact get anxiety, depression, lethargy etc from taking too much, and 250mg may just not be tolerable with me. And so far all of these events together definitely make me believe I just cannot tolerate such a high CDP-Choline amount.  I guess my main question is: does my hypothesis make sense?  Does CDP-Choline really have such a long half-life?  Can CDP-Choline truly cause anxiety, tiredness, depression etc if taken too much?  One important note as well, I hear many saying if taken too much, it actually causes your neurotransmitters to ALL downregulate. I don't really understand the method of action here, or if this is even true, but it seems to make some sense. Since it would downregulate dopamine and norepinephrine, basically cancelling the effects of the Vyvanse.  So does choline "over dose" truly result in neurotransmitter downregulation?   Thanks!
8yv7jp,695,708,ADR,neurotoxicity,vyvanse,vyvanse,CDP-Choline induces anxiety and sleepiness? I've been trying to read into this a bit, but I haven't seen much more than anecdotal information. I have a few questions at the end, I will be giving some background first.  Basically I bought CDP-Choline (250mg per capsule) months ago, initially trying to take for memory increase. I became really irritable every time I'd take it, so I've stopped, not really finding much information initially.  I was recently prescribed 30mg Vyvanse, and it's helped me wonders. No real side effects whatsoever. Just a little harder to sleep initially, oh and jaw clenching, but that doesn't bother me.  I was looking into some research on reducing any potential neurotoxicity of stimulants, I saw choline being brought up a lot. I decided to try it again, for added memory benefit as well.  After taking, my anxiety exponentially sky rocketed, and the effects of the Vyvanse nearly disappeared. And keep in mind, I never really struggled with anxiety previously. Having remembered THC reduces acetylcholine levels and that it's the only supplement/herb I had quick access to, I decided to try that despite hating the fact that THC diminishes the Vyvanse's effects.  Wow, almost instantly my anxiety disappeared. Anxiety was a lot less for the following few hours, I redosed another small amount of THC, again it disappears. (Also keep in mind, THC does nothing for general anxiety for me, may even worsen it sometimes.)  Again I thought that was the end of it, I will just no longer be taking CDP-Choline. I did know CDP-Choline's half life is relatively long, so I wasn't sure what to expect the following days.  It's the next day, slept well, woke with slight anxiety, much before taking the Vyvanse. Ignored it and hoped it'd just diminish to a more tolerable level soon. After eating some eggs (I just now realized I should have not done that), my anxiety began to increase and holy shit did I become so tired. This time I tried come emergency CBD I had (supposedly ALSO reduces acetylcholine levels), seemed to help a little but nothing of significance. I again tried a small dose of THC, near instantly my anxiety disappears and the expected Vyvanse energy is back in full swing. (Normally THC makes me so tired.)  Did a little more research and with some people do in fact get anxiety, depression, lethargy etc from taking too much, and 250mg may just not be tolerable with me. And so far all of these events together definitely make me believe I just cannot tolerate such a high CDP-Choline amount.  I guess my main question is: does my hypothesis make sense?  Does CDP-Choline really have such a long half-life?  Can CDP-Choline truly cause anxiety, tiredness, depression etc if taken too much?  One important note as well, I hear many saying if taken too much, it actually causes your neurotransmitters to ALL downregulate. I don't really understand the method of action here, or if this is even true, but it seems to make some sense. Since it would downregulate dopamine and norepinephrine, basically cancelling the effects of the Vyvanse.  So does choline "over dose" truly result in neurotransmitter downregulation?   Thanks!
8yv7jp,2326,2336,ADR,depression,vyvanse,vyvanse,CDP-Choline induces anxiety and sleepiness? I've been trying to read into this a bit, but I haven't seen much more than anecdotal information. I have a few questions at the end, I will be giving some background first.  Basically I bought CDP-Choline (250mg per capsule) months ago, initially trying to take for memory increase. I became really irritable every time I'd take it, so I've stopped, not really finding much information initially.  I was recently prescribed 30mg Vyvanse, and it's helped me wonders. No real side effects whatsoever. Just a little harder to sleep initially, oh and jaw clenching, but that doesn't bother me.  I was looking into some research on reducing any potential neurotoxicity of stimulants, I saw choline being brought up a lot. I decided to try it again, for added memory benefit as well.  After taking, my anxiety exponentially sky rocketed, and the effects of the Vyvanse nearly disappeared. And keep in mind, I never really struggled with anxiety previously. Having remembered THC reduces acetylcholine levels and that it's the only supplement/herb I had quick access to, I decided to try that despite hating the fact that THC diminishes the Vyvanse's effects.  Wow, almost instantly my anxiety disappeared. Anxiety was a lot less for the following few hours, I redosed another small amount of THC, again it disappears. (Also keep in mind, THC does nothing for general anxiety for me, may even worsen it sometimes.)  Again I thought that was the end of it, I will just no longer be taking CDP-Choline. I did know CDP-Choline's half life is relatively long, so I wasn't sure what to expect the following days.  It's the next day, slept well, woke with slight anxiety, much before taking the Vyvanse. Ignored it and hoped it'd just diminish to a more tolerable level soon. After eating some eggs (I just now realized I should have not done that), my anxiety began to increase and holy shit did I become so tired. This time I tried come emergency CBD I had (supposedly ALSO reduces acetylcholine levels), seemed to help a little but nothing of significance. I again tried a small dose of THC, near instantly my anxiety disappears and the expected Vyvanse energy is back in full swing. (Normally THC makes me so tired.)  Did a little more research and with some people do in fact get anxiety, depression, lethargy etc from taking too much, and 250mg may just not be tolerable with me. And so far all of these events together definitely make me believe I just cannot tolerate such a high CDP-Choline amount.  I guess my main question is: does my hypothesis make sense?  Does CDP-Choline really have such a long half-life?  Can CDP-Choline truly cause anxiety, tiredness, depression etc if taken too much?  One important note as well, I hear many saying if taken too much, it actually causes your neurotransmitters to ALL downregulate. I don't really understand the method of action here, or if this is even true, but it seems to make some sense. Since it would downregulate dopamine and norepinephrine, basically cancelling the effects of the Vyvanse.  So does choline "over dose" truly result in neurotransmitter downregulation?   Thanks!
8yv7jp,2338,2346,ADR,lethargy,vyvanse,vyvanse,CDP-Choline induces anxiety and sleepiness? I've been trying to read into this a bit, but I haven't seen much more than anecdotal information. I have a few questions at the end, I will be giving some background first.  Basically I bought CDP-Choline (250mg per capsule) months ago, initially trying to take for memory increase. I became really irritable every time I'd take it, so I've stopped, not really finding much information initially.  I was recently prescribed 30mg Vyvanse, and it's helped me wonders. No real side effects whatsoever. Just a little harder to sleep initially, oh and jaw clenching, but that doesn't bother me.  I was looking into some research on reducing any potential neurotoxicity of stimulants, I saw choline being brought up a lot. I decided to try it again, for added memory benefit as well.  After taking, my anxiety exponentially sky rocketed, and the effects of the Vyvanse nearly disappeared. And keep in mind, I never really struggled with anxiety previously. Having remembered THC reduces acetylcholine levels and that it's the only supplement/herb I had quick access to, I decided to try that despite hating the fact that THC diminishes the Vyvanse's effects.  Wow, almost instantly my anxiety disappeared. Anxiety was a lot less for the following few hours, I redosed another small amount of THC, again it disappears. (Also keep in mind, THC does nothing for general anxiety for me, may even worsen it sometimes.)  Again I thought that was the end of it, I will just no longer be taking CDP-Choline. I did know CDP-Choline's half life is relatively long, so I wasn't sure what to expect the following days.  It's the next day, slept well, woke with slight anxiety, much before taking the Vyvanse. Ignored it and hoped it'd just diminish to a more tolerable level soon. After eating some eggs (I just now realized I should have not done that), my anxiety began to increase and holy shit did I become so tired. This time I tried come emergency CBD I had (supposedly ALSO reduces acetylcholine levels), seemed to help a little but nothing of significance. I again tried a small dose of THC, near instantly my anxiety disappears and the expected Vyvanse energy is back in full swing. (Normally THC makes me so tired.)  Did a little more research and with some people do in fact get anxiety, depression, lethargy etc from taking too much, and 250mg may just not be tolerable with me. And so far all of these events together definitely make me believe I just cannot tolerate such a high CDP-Choline amount.  I guess my main question is: does my hypothesis make sense?  Does CDP-Choline really have such a long half-life?  Can CDP-Choline truly cause anxiety, tiredness, depression etc if taken too much?  One important note as well, I hear many saying if taken too much, it actually causes your neurotransmitters to ALL downregulate. I don't really understand the method of action here, or if this is even true, but it seems to make some sense. Since it would downregulate dopamine and norepinephrine, basically cancelling the effects of the Vyvanse.  So does choline "over dose" truly result in neurotransmitter downregulation?   Thanks!
8ysoyz,71,86,ADR,premature aging,vyvanse,vyvanse,Does regular usage of amphetamines at therapeutic dosages (ADHD) cause premature aging? The question is, does years of amphetamine use (in my case, vyvanse) at therapeutic dosages cause premature/accelerate aging of the skin and/or heart?   The studies I’ve read have said that they do, but it seems most of the research is in people who abuse amphetamines.   Or do amphetamines appear to cause premature aging due to people neglecting their health because of the amphetamines? So in other words, are we seeing that amphetamines have an indirect affect on aging due to the users not taking care of themselves?
8ye5tg,254,267,ADR,panic attacks,vyvanse,vyvanse,Can you take neuro peak and alpha brain together? Recently, i started taking neuro peak and have felt great. My mood focus and energy have improved alot. For the past two days i took 1 alpha brain capsule and i have to spend half of the morning fighting panic attacks. I also have major brain fog.  I took an alpha brain capsule at 10 this morning, i was wondering if it be alright to take a neuro peak since theres a 7 hour period in between?  I also take 40mg of vyvanse, so im alittle worried about over stimulation myself.
8ye5tg,281,296,ADR,major brain fog,vyvanse,vyvanse,Can you take neuro peak and alpha brain together? Recently, i started taking neuro peak and have felt great. My mood focus and energy have improved alot. For the past two days i took 1 alpha brain capsule and i have to spend half of the morning fighting panic attacks. I also have major brain fog.  I took an alpha brain capsule at 10 this morning, i was wondering if it be alright to take a neuro peak since theres a 7 hour period in between?  I also take 40mg of vyvanse, so im alittle worried about over stimulation myself.
8yd7lq,115,124,ADR,tolerance,vyvanse,vyvanse,How do people take vyvanse/ritalin everyday? There are people prescribed to take it everyday. But how? Doesn't the tolerance build up?  I took vyvanse everyday for 5 days for studying, and each day I could feel the tolerance building up. To the point where it didn't last very long on my 5th day.   How can it still be effective if you take it everyday for years?
8y6ojc,100,122,ADR,near death experiences,vyvanse,vyvanse,I call this " The Heart Stopper" High dose of vyvanse + 200mg IV cocaine + 3 cups of black coffee = near death experiences and an adrenaline rush like no other.  This post is meant to be comical in the sense that its absurd and blatantly stupid, in other words: it is not a suggestion. Im just reminiscing on the shit I used to do when I was using.
8y0d2e,15,25,ADR,withdrawal,vyvanse,vyvanse,How bad is the withdrawal from Cymbalta compared to withdrawal from Seroquel? Which one is worse? So basically, for the past year I’ve been steady with my medications after trying so many different ones. The medications were Wellbutrin 300mg, Vyvanse 50mg, and Seroquel 400mg. The Seroquel helped at first, but then made me emotionally numb, unmotivated, uncaring, and lost all my creativity. I’ve been passionate about playing the piano for 4 years and I even stopped playing that. I couldn’t fall asleep without this drug. I would always sleep until noon the next day, even if I went to bed early. I woke up feeling like a zombie. I decided enough was enough, and I stopped it cold turkey.   That was a month ago. I’m still dealing with withdrawals, though they aren’t nearly as bad as they were before. But now I’m mostly dealing with depression, anxiety, insomnia, and dizziness. But the depression and anxiety is getting really bad so I wanted to start another medication to help counteract that, one that isn’t an antipsychotic. So after going to a psychiatrist (my normal one is on maternity leave), we decide on 60mg Cymbalta. But after going through hell on Seroquel, when I got home I definitely wanted to make sure I was aware of everything that could happen with this drug.   So far, the thing I’m most concerned about is the withdrawals and their severity. Because withdrawing from Seroquel is bad enough. Has anyone experienced withdraws from both meds to know which is worse? And also, I don’t want that zombie like numbness that I had on Seroquel either. Will Cymbalta cause that? If anyone could share their experiences on either Cymbalta and/or Seroquel, it would be greatly appreciated.
8y0d2e,610,631,ADR,feeling like a zombie,vyvanse,vyvanse,How bad is the withdrawal from Cymbalta compared to withdrawal from Seroquel? Which one is worse? So basically, for the past year I’ve been steady with my medications after trying so many different ones. The medications were Wellbutrin 300mg, Vyvanse 50mg, and Seroquel 400mg. The Seroquel helped at first, but then made me emotionally numb, unmotivated, uncaring, and lost all my creativity. I’ve been passionate about playing the piano for 4 years and I even stopped playing that. I couldn’t fall asleep without this drug. I would always sleep until noon the next day, even if I went to bed early. I woke up feeling like a zombie. I decided enough was enough, and I stopped it cold turkey.   That was a month ago. I’m still dealing with withdrawals, though they aren’t nearly as bad as they were before. But now I’m mostly dealing with depression, anxiety, insomnia, and dizziness. But the depression and anxiety is getting really bad so I wanted to start another medication to help counteract that, one that isn’t an antipsychotic. So after going to a psychiatrist (my normal one is on maternity leave), we decide on 60mg Cymbalta. But after going through hell on Seroquel, when I got home I definitely wanted to make sure I was aware of everything that could happen with this drug.   So far, the thing I’m most concerned about is the withdrawals and their severity. Because withdrawing from Seroquel is bad enough. Has anyone experienced withdraws from both meds to know which is worse? And also, I don’t want that zombie like numbness that I had on Seroquel either. Will Cymbalta cause that? If anyone could share their experiences on either Cymbalta and/or Seroquel, it would be greatly appreciated.
8y0d2e,838,848,ADR,depression,vyvanse,vyvanse,How bad is the withdrawal from Cymbalta compared to withdrawal from Seroquel? Which one is worse? So basically, for the past year I’ve been steady with my medications after trying so many different ones. The medications were Wellbutrin 300mg, Vyvanse 50mg, and Seroquel 400mg. The Seroquel helped at first, but then made me emotionally numb, unmotivated, uncaring, and lost all my creativity. I’ve been passionate about playing the piano for 4 years and I even stopped playing that. I couldn’t fall asleep without this drug. I would always sleep until noon the next day, even if I went to bed early. I woke up feeling like a zombie. I decided enough was enough, and I stopped it cold turkey.   That was a month ago. I’m still dealing with withdrawals, though they aren’t nearly as bad as they were before. But now I’m mostly dealing with depression, anxiety, insomnia, and dizziness. But the depression and anxiety is getting really bad so I wanted to start another medication to help counteract that, one that isn’t an antipsychotic. So after going to a psychiatrist (my normal one is on maternity leave), we decide on 60mg Cymbalta. But after going through hell on Seroquel, when I got home I definitely wanted to make sure I was aware of everything that could happen with this drug.   So far, the thing I’m most concerned about is the withdrawals and their severity. Because withdrawing from Seroquel is bad enough. Has anyone experienced withdraws from both meds to know which is worse? And also, I don’t want that zombie like numbness that I had on Seroquel either. Will Cymbalta cause that? If anyone could share their experiences on either Cymbalta and/or Seroquel, it would be greatly appreciated.
8y0d2e,850,857,ADR,anxiety,vyvanse,vyvanse,How bad is the withdrawal from Cymbalta compared to withdrawal from Seroquel? Which one is worse? So basically, for the past year I’ve been steady with my medications after trying so many different ones. The medications were Wellbutrin 300mg, Vyvanse 50mg, and Seroquel 400mg. The Seroquel helped at first, but then made me emotionally numb, unmotivated, uncaring, and lost all my creativity. I’ve been passionate about playing the piano for 4 years and I even stopped playing that. I couldn’t fall asleep without this drug. I would always sleep until noon the next day, even if I went to bed early. I woke up feeling like a zombie. I decided enough was enough, and I stopped it cold turkey.   That was a month ago. I’m still dealing with withdrawals, though they aren’t nearly as bad as they were before. But now I’m mostly dealing with depression, anxiety, insomnia, and dizziness. But the depression and anxiety is getting really bad so I wanted to start another medication to help counteract that, one that isn’t an antipsychotic. So after going to a psychiatrist (my normal one is on maternity leave), we decide on 60mg Cymbalta. But after going through hell on Seroquel, when I got home I definitely wanted to make sure I was aware of everything that could happen with this drug.   So far, the thing I’m most concerned about is the withdrawals and their severity. Because withdrawing from Seroquel is bad enough. Has anyone experienced withdraws from both meds to know which is worse? And also, I don’t want that zombie like numbness that I had on Seroquel either. Will Cymbalta cause that? If anyone could share their experiences on either Cymbalta and/or Seroquel, it would be greatly appreciated.
8y0d2e,859,867,ADR,insomnia,vyvanse,vyvanse,How bad is the withdrawal from Cymbalta compared to withdrawal from Seroquel? Which one is worse? So basically, for the past year I’ve been steady with my medications after trying so many different ones. The medications were Wellbutrin 300mg, Vyvanse 50mg, and Seroquel 400mg. The Seroquel helped at first, but then made me emotionally numb, unmotivated, uncaring, and lost all my creativity. I’ve been passionate about playing the piano for 4 years and I even stopped playing that. I couldn’t fall asleep without this drug. I would always sleep until noon the next day, even if I went to bed early. I woke up feeling like a zombie. I decided enough was enough, and I stopped it cold turkey.   That was a month ago. I’m still dealing with withdrawals, though they aren’t nearly as bad as they were before. But now I’m mostly dealing with depression, anxiety, insomnia, and dizziness. But the depression and anxiety is getting really bad so I wanted to start another medication to help counteract that, one that isn’t an antipsychotic. So after going to a psychiatrist (my normal one is on maternity leave), we decide on 60mg Cymbalta. But after going through hell on Seroquel, when I got home I definitely wanted to make sure I was aware of everything that could happen with this drug.   So far, the thing I’m most concerned about is the withdrawals and their severity. Because withdrawing from Seroquel is bad enough. Has anyone experienced withdraws from both meds to know which is worse? And also, I don’t want that zombie like numbness that I had on Seroquel either. Will Cymbalta cause that? If anyone could share their experiences on either Cymbalta and/or Seroquel, it would be greatly appreciated.
8y0d2e,873,882,ADR,dizziness,vyvanse,vyvanse,How bad is the withdrawal from Cymbalta compared to withdrawal from Seroquel? Which one is worse? So basically, for the past year I’ve been steady with my medications after trying so many different ones. The medications were Wellbutrin 300mg, Vyvanse 50mg, and Seroquel 400mg. The Seroquel helped at first, but then made me emotionally numb, unmotivated, uncaring, and lost all my creativity. I’ve been passionate about playing the piano for 4 years and I even stopped playing that. I couldn’t fall asleep without this drug. I would always sleep until noon the next day, even if I went to bed early. I woke up feeling like a zombie. I decided enough was enough, and I stopped it cold turkey.   That was a month ago. I’m still dealing with withdrawals, though they aren’t nearly as bad as they were before. But now I’m mostly dealing with depression, anxiety, insomnia, and dizziness. But the depression and anxiety is getting really bad so I wanted to start another medication to help counteract that, one that isn’t an antipsychotic. So after going to a psychiatrist (my normal one is on maternity leave), we decide on 60mg Cymbalta. But after going through hell on Seroquel, when I got home I definitely wanted to make sure I was aware of everything that could happen with this drug.   So far, the thing I’m most concerned about is the withdrawals and their severity. Because withdrawing from Seroquel is bad enough. Has anyone experienced withdraws from both meds to know which is worse? And also, I don’t want that zombie like numbness that I had on Seroquel either. Will Cymbalta cause that? If anyone could share their experiences on either Cymbalta and/or Seroquel, it would be greatly appreciated.
8xymb9,4,12,ADR,allergic,vyvanse,vyvanse,I'm allergic to methylphenidate and getting desperate. Have a life story. Tl;dr at the bottom.  I was diagnosed something liked 2 years ago, and as its standard, was prescribed Concerta.  it calmed my brain down a bit. Gave me the ability to not blurt out every inappropriate thought that crossed my mind whether I wanted to our not. I didn't realise at first, because it developed slowly and I thought it was just stress, but I'm now allergic to it.   My prescription was changed without warning to Xenidate(supposedly identical to Concerta but 30% cheaper, and the NHS has to save money wherever it can) and holy crap, that was nothing but what I thought were side effects -   •tight throat •stiff, aching jaw •swollen tongue(to the point that the only thing I could do was stick it out of my mouth)  •eyes that constantly felt gummed up(so I'm constantly trying to get non-existent stuff out of them) •constant feeling that my eyelashes are interlocking in the corners(a sensation I hate so much that I actually plucked a few to try to stop it) •every joint uncomfortable(so constant neck and knuckle cracking to try and make it feel better) •congested airways •hyperfixation through the roof •complete inability to block out sound •irritability to the point of wanting to throttle anyone having a conversation in another room if I could hear them and was trying to concentrate on something else.  So I went to my GP, who read my list of symptoms, was too professional to say "you too, huh? One more for the anti-Xenidate file...", but didn't need to hear more than "I'm having some bad reactions-" to re-prescribe Concerta.  Only the "side effects" didn't go away. They were better for a while, then got worse. So I started taking cetrizine hydrochloride with my Concerta, and that damped the symptoms down for a bit, but they overcame that and got stronger again.   So, next medication review, I'm put onto Elvanse(aka Vyvanse). It didn't really seem to do anything, positive or negative, until I noticed my throat starting to close up again.   The doctor decides to try something else - Atomoxetine(Strattera), which isn't a stimulant at all. Dear God, is it ever not a stimulant. I felt like my bones had been filled with lead. It completely wiped me out a couple of hours after taking it, and also gave me insomnia. Which, y'know, is just not fair. I struggled through a couple of weeks on that, establishing with experimentation that if I took it at 3 in the afternoon it did the least damage, and I wasn't snapping awake at 4 or 5 in the morning. But I didn't see any actual *benefits*.   So, off that one, and now I'm taking Medikinet. And cetrizine hydrochloride. Because my throat is closing up, my eyes are dry, my bones all feel like they're slightly in the wrong place, I want to bite the head off anyone who drags my attention away from whatever I'm trying to get on with...  According to the psychotherapist, this drug is pretty much my last option. I really, really hope she means it's the last one my NHS foundation will fund. I'm willing to try going private if it means there are more options I can explore.    Tl;dr - I've gone through all the NHS-funded medication options. Methylphenidate works but I'm allergic to it, dextroamphetamine doesn't seem to be much better, atomoxetine did bugger all except give me a different set of intolerable side effects.   Can anyone help? Or at least commiserate?
8xymb9,680,692,ADR,tight throat,vyvanse,vyvanse,I'm allergic to methylphenidate and getting desperate. Have a life story. Tl;dr at the bottom.  I was diagnosed something liked 2 years ago, and as its standard, was prescribed Concerta.  it calmed my brain down a bit. Gave me the ability to not blurt out every inappropriate thought that crossed my mind whether I wanted to our not. I didn't realise at first, because it developed slowly and I thought it was just stress, but I'm now allergic to it.   My prescription was changed without warning to Xenidate(supposedly identical to Concerta but 30% cheaper, and the NHS has to save money wherever it can) and holy crap, that was nothing but what I thought were side effects -   •tight throat •stiff, aching jaw •swollen tongue(to the point that the only thing I could do was stick it out of my mouth)  •eyes that constantly felt gummed up(so I'm constantly trying to get non-existent stuff out of them) •constant feeling that my eyelashes are interlocking in the corners(a sensation I hate so much that I actually plucked a few to try to stop it) •every joint uncomfortable(so constant neck and knuckle cracking to try and make it feel better) •congested airways •hyperfixation through the roof •complete inability to block out sound •irritability to the point of wanting to throttle anyone having a conversation in another room if I could hear them and was trying to concentrate on something else.  So I went to my GP, who read my list of symptoms, was too professional to say "you too, huh? One more for the anti-Xenidate file...", but didn't need to hear more than "I'm having some bad reactions-" to re-prescribe Concerta.  Only the "side effects" didn't go away. They were better for a while, then got worse. So I started taking cetrizine hydrochloride with my Concerta, and that damped the symptoms down for a bit, but they overcame that and got stronger again.   So, next medication review, I'm put onto Elvanse(aka Vyvanse). It didn't really seem to do anything, positive or negative, until I noticed my throat starting to close up again.   The doctor decides to try something else - Atomoxetine(Strattera), which isn't a stimulant at all. Dear God, is it ever not a stimulant. I felt like my bones had been filled with lead. It completely wiped me out a couple of hours after taking it, and also gave me insomnia. Which, y'know, is just not fair. I struggled through a couple of weeks on that, establishing with experimentation that if I took it at 3 in the afternoon it did the least damage, and I wasn't snapping awake at 4 or 5 in the morning. But I didn't see any actual *benefits*.   So, off that one, and now I'm taking Medikinet. And cetrizine hydrochloride. Because my throat is closing up, my eyes are dry, my bones all feel like they're slightly in the wrong place, I want to bite the head off anyone who drags my attention away from whatever I'm trying to get on with...  According to the psychotherapist, this drug is pretty much my last option. I really, really hope she means it's the last one my NHS foundation will fund. I'm willing to try going private if it means there are more options I can explore.    Tl;dr - I've gone through all the NHS-funded medication options. Methylphenidate works but I'm allergic to it, dextroamphetamine doesn't seem to be much better, atomoxetine did bugger all except give me a different set of intolerable side effects.   Can anyone help? Or at least commiserate?
8xymb9,701,711,ADR,aching jaw,vyvanse,vyvanse,I'm allergic to methylphenidate and getting desperate. Have a life story. Tl;dr at the bottom.  I was diagnosed something liked 2 years ago, and as its standard, was prescribed Concerta.  it calmed my brain down a bit. Gave me the ability to not blurt out every inappropriate thought that crossed my mind whether I wanted to our not. I didn't realise at first, because it developed slowly and I thought it was just stress, but I'm now allergic to it.   My prescription was changed without warning to Xenidate(supposedly identical to Concerta but 30% cheaper, and the NHS has to save money wherever it can) and holy crap, that was nothing but what I thought were side effects -   •tight throat •stiff, aching jaw •swollen tongue(to the point that the only thing I could do was stick it out of my mouth)  •eyes that constantly felt gummed up(so I'm constantly trying to get non-existent stuff out of them) •constant feeling that my eyelashes are interlocking in the corners(a sensation I hate so much that I actually plucked a few to try to stop it) •every joint uncomfortable(so constant neck and knuckle cracking to try and make it feel better) •congested airways •hyperfixation through the roof •complete inability to block out sound •irritability to the point of wanting to throttle anyone having a conversation in another room if I could hear them and was trying to concentrate on something else.  So I went to my GP, who read my list of symptoms, was too professional to say "you too, huh? One more for the anti-Xenidate file...", but didn't need to hear more than "I'm having some bad reactions-" to re-prescribe Concerta.  Only the "side effects" didn't go away. They were better for a while, then got worse. So I started taking cetrizine hydrochloride with my Concerta, and that damped the symptoms down for a bit, but they overcame that and got stronger again.   So, next medication review, I'm put onto Elvanse(aka Vyvanse). It didn't really seem to do anything, positive or negative, until I noticed my throat starting to close up again.   The doctor decides to try something else - Atomoxetine(Strattera), which isn't a stimulant at all. Dear God, is it ever not a stimulant. I felt like my bones had been filled with lead. It completely wiped me out a couple of hours after taking it, and also gave me insomnia. Which, y'know, is just not fair. I struggled through a couple of weeks on that, establishing with experimentation that if I took it at 3 in the afternoon it did the least damage, and I wasn't snapping awake at 4 or 5 in the morning. But I didn't see any actual *benefits*.   So, off that one, and now I'm taking Medikinet. And cetrizine hydrochloride. Because my throat is closing up, my eyes are dry, my bones all feel like they're slightly in the wrong place, I want to bite the head off anyone who drags my attention away from whatever I'm trying to get on with...  According to the psychotherapist, this drug is pretty much my last option. I really, really hope she means it's the last one my NHS foundation will fund. I'm willing to try going private if it means there are more options I can explore.    Tl;dr - I've gone through all the NHS-funded medication options. Methylphenidate works but I'm allergic to it, dextroamphetamine doesn't seem to be much better, atomoxetine did bugger all except give me a different set of intolerable side effects.   Can anyone help? Or at least commiserate?
8xymb9,713,727,ADR,swollen tongue,vyvanse,vyvanse,I'm allergic to methylphenidate and getting desperate. Have a life story. Tl;dr at the bottom.  I was diagnosed something liked 2 years ago, and as its standard, was prescribed Concerta.  it calmed my brain down a bit. Gave me the ability to not blurt out every inappropriate thought that crossed my mind whether I wanted to our not. I didn't realise at first, because it developed slowly and I thought it was just stress, but I'm now allergic to it.   My prescription was changed without warning to Xenidate(supposedly identical to Concerta but 30% cheaper, and the NHS has to save money wherever it can) and holy crap, that was nothing but what I thought were side effects -   •tight throat •stiff, aching jaw •swollen tongue(to the point that the only thing I could do was stick it out of my mouth)  •eyes that constantly felt gummed up(so I'm constantly trying to get non-existent stuff out of them) •constant feeling that my eyelashes are interlocking in the corners(a sensation I hate so much that I actually plucked a few to try to stop it) •every joint uncomfortable(so constant neck and knuckle cracking to try and make it feel better) •congested airways •hyperfixation through the roof •complete inability to block out sound •irritability to the point of wanting to throttle anyone having a conversation in another room if I could hear them and was trying to concentrate on something else.  So I went to my GP, who read my list of symptoms, was too professional to say "you too, huh? One more for the anti-Xenidate file...", but didn't need to hear more than "I'm having some bad reactions-" to re-prescribe Concerta.  Only the "side effects" didn't go away. They were better for a while, then got worse. So I started taking cetrizine hydrochloride with my Concerta, and that damped the symptoms down for a bit, but they overcame that and got stronger again.   So, next medication review, I'm put onto Elvanse(aka Vyvanse). It didn't really seem to do anything, positive or negative, until I noticed my throat starting to close up again.   The doctor decides to try something else - Atomoxetine(Strattera), which isn't a stimulant at all. Dear God, is it ever not a stimulant. I felt like my bones had been filled with lead. It completely wiped me out a couple of hours after taking it, and also gave me insomnia. Which, y'know, is just not fair. I struggled through a couple of weeks on that, establishing with experimentation that if I took it at 3 in the afternoon it did the least damage, and I wasn't snapping awake at 4 or 5 in the morning. But I didn't see any actual *benefits*.   So, off that one, and now I'm taking Medikinet. And cetrizine hydrochloride. Because my throat is closing up, my eyes are dry, my bones all feel like they're slightly in the wrong place, I want to bite the head off anyone who drags my attention away from whatever I'm trying to get on with...  According to the psychotherapist, this drug is pretty much my last option. I really, really hope she means it's the last one my NHS foundation will fund. I'm willing to try going private if it means there are more options I can explore.    Tl;dr - I've gone through all the NHS-funded medication options. Methylphenidate works but I'm allergic to it, dextroamphetamine doesn't seem to be much better, atomoxetine did bugger all except give me a different set of intolerable side effects.   Can anyone help? Or at least commiserate?
8xymb9,1146,1163,ADR,congested airways,vyvanse,vyvanse,I'm allergic to methylphenidate and getting desperate. Have a life story. Tl;dr at the bottom.  I was diagnosed something liked 2 years ago, and as its standard, was prescribed Concerta.  it calmed my brain down a bit. Gave me the ability to not blurt out every inappropriate thought that crossed my mind whether I wanted to our not. I didn't realise at first, because it developed slowly and I thought it was just stress, but I'm now allergic to it.   My prescription was changed without warning to Xenidate(supposedly identical to Concerta but 30% cheaper, and the NHS has to save money wherever it can) and holy crap, that was nothing but what I thought were side effects -   •tight throat •stiff, aching jaw •swollen tongue(to the point that the only thing I could do was stick it out of my mouth)  •eyes that constantly felt gummed up(so I'm constantly trying to get non-existent stuff out of them) •constant feeling that my eyelashes are interlocking in the corners(a sensation I hate so much that I actually plucked a few to try to stop it) •every joint uncomfortable(so constant neck and knuckle cracking to try and make it feel better) •congested airways •hyperfixation through the roof •complete inability to block out sound •irritability to the point of wanting to throttle anyone having a conversation in another room if I could hear them and was trying to concentrate on something else.  So I went to my GP, who read my list of symptoms, was too professional to say "you too, huh? One more for the anti-Xenidate file...", but didn't need to hear more than "I'm having some bad reactions-" to re-prescribe Concerta.  Only the "side effects" didn't go away. They were better for a while, then got worse. So I started taking cetrizine hydrochloride with my Concerta, and that damped the symptoms down for a bit, but they overcame that and got stronger again.   So, next medication review, I'm put onto Elvanse(aka Vyvanse). It didn't really seem to do anything, positive or negative, until I noticed my throat starting to close up again.   The doctor decides to try something else - Atomoxetine(Strattera), which isn't a stimulant at all. Dear God, is it ever not a stimulant. I felt like my bones had been filled with lead. It completely wiped me out a couple of hours after taking it, and also gave me insomnia. Which, y'know, is just not fair. I struggled through a couple of weeks on that, establishing with experimentation that if I took it at 3 in the afternoon it did the least damage, and I wasn't snapping awake at 4 or 5 in the morning. But I didn't see any actual *benefits*.   So, off that one, and now I'm taking Medikinet. And cetrizine hydrochloride. Because my throat is closing up, my eyes are dry, my bones all feel like they're slightly in the wrong place, I want to bite the head off anyone who drags my attention away from whatever I'm trying to get on with...  According to the psychotherapist, this drug is pretty much my last option. I really, really hope she means it's the last one my NHS foundation will fund. I'm willing to try going private if it means there are more options I can explore.    Tl;dr - I've gone through all the NHS-funded medication options. Methylphenidate works but I'm allergic to it, dextroamphetamine doesn't seem to be much better, atomoxetine did bugger all except give me a different set of intolerable side effects.   Can anyone help? Or at least commiserate?
8xymb9,1165,1178,ADR,hyperfixation,vyvanse,vyvanse,I'm allergic to methylphenidate and getting desperate. Have a life story. Tl;dr at the bottom.  I was diagnosed something liked 2 years ago, and as its standard, was prescribed Concerta.  it calmed my brain down a bit. Gave me the ability to not blurt out every inappropriate thought that crossed my mind whether I wanted to our not. I didn't realise at first, because it developed slowly and I thought it was just stress, but I'm now allergic to it.   My prescription was changed without warning to Xenidate(supposedly identical to Concerta but 30% cheaper, and the NHS has to save money wherever it can) and holy crap, that was nothing but what I thought were side effects -   •tight throat •stiff, aching jaw •swollen tongue(to the point that the only thing I could do was stick it out of my mouth)  •eyes that constantly felt gummed up(so I'm constantly trying to get non-existent stuff out of them) •constant feeling that my eyelashes are interlocking in the corners(a sensation I hate so much that I actually plucked a few to try to stop it) •every joint uncomfortable(so constant neck and knuckle cracking to try and make it feel better) •congested airways •hyperfixation through the roof •complete inability to block out sound •irritability to the point of wanting to throttle anyone having a conversation in another room if I could hear them and was trying to concentrate on something else.  So I went to my GP, who read my list of symptoms, was too professional to say "you too, huh? One more for the anti-Xenidate file...", but didn't need to hear more than "I'm having some bad reactions-" to re-prescribe Concerta.  Only the "side effects" didn't go away. They were better for a while, then got worse. So I started taking cetrizine hydrochloride with my Concerta, and that damped the symptoms down for a bit, but they overcame that and got stronger again.   So, next medication review, I'm put onto Elvanse(aka Vyvanse). It didn't really seem to do anything, positive or negative, until I noticed my throat starting to close up again.   The doctor decides to try something else - Atomoxetine(Strattera), which isn't a stimulant at all. Dear God, is it ever not a stimulant. I felt like my bones had been filled with lead. It completely wiped me out a couple of hours after taking it, and also gave me insomnia. Which, y'know, is just not fair. I struggled through a couple of weeks on that, establishing with experimentation that if I took it at 3 in the afternoon it did the least damage, and I wasn't snapping awake at 4 or 5 in the morning. But I didn't see any actual *benefits*.   So, off that one, and now I'm taking Medikinet. And cetrizine hydrochloride. Because my throat is closing up, my eyes are dry, my bones all feel like they're slightly in the wrong place, I want to bite the head off anyone who drags my attention away from whatever I'm trying to get on with...  According to the psychotherapist, this drug is pretty much my last option. I really, really hope she means it's the last one my NHS foundation will fund. I'm willing to try going private if it means there are more options I can explore.    Tl;dr - I've gone through all the NHS-funded medication options. Methylphenidate works but I'm allergic to it, dextroamphetamine doesn't seem to be much better, atomoxetine did bugger all except give me a different set of intolerable side effects.   Can anyone help? Or at least commiserate?
8xymb9,1236,1248,ADR,irritability,vyvanse,vyvanse,I'm allergic to methylphenidate and getting desperate. Have a life story. Tl;dr at the bottom.  I was diagnosed something liked 2 years ago, and as its standard, was prescribed Concerta.  it calmed my brain down a bit. Gave me the ability to not blurt out every inappropriate thought that crossed my mind whether I wanted to our not. I didn't realise at first, because it developed slowly and I thought it was just stress, but I'm now allergic to it.   My prescription was changed without warning to Xenidate(supposedly identical to Concerta but 30% cheaper, and the NHS has to save money wherever it can) and holy crap, that was nothing but what I thought were side effects -   •tight throat •stiff, aching jaw •swollen tongue(to the point that the only thing I could do was stick it out of my mouth)  •eyes that constantly felt gummed up(so I'm constantly trying to get non-existent stuff out of them) •constant feeling that my eyelashes are interlocking in the corners(a sensation I hate so much that I actually plucked a few to try to stop it) •every joint uncomfortable(so constant neck and knuckle cracking to try and make it feel better) •congested airways •hyperfixation through the roof •complete inability to block out sound •irritability to the point of wanting to throttle anyone having a conversation in another room if I could hear them and was trying to concentrate on something else.  So I went to my GP, who read my list of symptoms, was too professional to say "you too, huh? One more for the anti-Xenidate file...", but didn't need to hear more than "I'm having some bad reactions-" to re-prescribe Concerta.  Only the "side effects" didn't go away. They were better for a while, then got worse. So I started taking cetrizine hydrochloride with my Concerta, and that damped the symptoms down for a bit, but they overcame that and got stronger again.   So, next medication review, I'm put onto Elvanse(aka Vyvanse). It didn't really seem to do anything, positive or negative, until I noticed my throat starting to close up again.   The doctor decides to try something else - Atomoxetine(Strattera), which isn't a stimulant at all. Dear God, is it ever not a stimulant. I felt like my bones had been filled with lead. It completely wiped me out a couple of hours after taking it, and also gave me insomnia. Which, y'know, is just not fair. I struggled through a couple of weeks on that, establishing with experimentation that if I took it at 3 in the afternoon it did the least damage, and I wasn't snapping awake at 4 or 5 in the morning. But I didn't see any actual *benefits*.   So, off that one, and now I'm taking Medikinet. And cetrizine hydrochloride. Because my throat is closing up, my eyes are dry, my bones all feel like they're slightly in the wrong place, I want to bite the head off anyone who drags my attention away from whatever I'm trying to get on with...  According to the psychotherapist, this drug is pretty much my last option. I really, really hope she means it's the last one my NHS foundation will fund. I'm willing to try going private if it means there are more options I can explore.    Tl;dr - I've gone through all the NHS-funded medication options. Methylphenidate works but I'm allergic to it, dextroamphetamine doesn't seem to be much better, atomoxetine did bugger all except give me a different set of intolerable side effects.   Can anyone help? Or at least commiserate?
8xymb9,2314,2322,ADR,insomnia,vyvanse,vyvanse,I'm allergic to methylphenidate and getting desperate. Have a life story. Tl;dr at the bottom.  I was diagnosed something liked 2 years ago, and as its standard, was prescribed Concerta.  it calmed my brain down a bit. Gave me the ability to not blurt out every inappropriate thought that crossed my mind whether I wanted to our not. I didn't realise at first, because it developed slowly and I thought it was just stress, but I'm now allergic to it.   My prescription was changed without warning to Xenidate(supposedly identical to Concerta but 30% cheaper, and the NHS has to save money wherever it can) and holy crap, that was nothing but what I thought were side effects -   •tight throat •stiff, aching jaw •swollen tongue(to the point that the only thing I could do was stick it out of my mouth)  •eyes that constantly felt gummed up(so I'm constantly trying to get non-existent stuff out of them) •constant feeling that my eyelashes are interlocking in the corners(a sensation I hate so much that I actually plucked a few to try to stop it) •every joint uncomfortable(so constant neck and knuckle cracking to try and make it feel better) •congested airways •hyperfixation through the roof •complete inability to block out sound •irritability to the point of wanting to throttle anyone having a conversation in another room if I could hear them and was trying to concentrate on something else.  So I went to my GP, who read my list of symptoms, was too professional to say "you too, huh? One more for the anti-Xenidate file...", but didn't need to hear more than "I'm having some bad reactions-" to re-prescribe Concerta.  Only the "side effects" didn't go away. They were better for a while, then got worse. So I started taking cetrizine hydrochloride with my Concerta, and that damped the symptoms down for a bit, but they overcame that and got stronger again.   So, next medication review, I'm put onto Elvanse(aka Vyvanse). It didn't really seem to do anything, positive or negative, until I noticed my throat starting to close up again.   The doctor decides to try something else - Atomoxetine(Strattera), which isn't a stimulant at all. Dear God, is it ever not a stimulant. I felt like my bones had been filled with lead. It completely wiped me out a couple of hours after taking it, and also gave me insomnia. Which, y'know, is just not fair. I struggled through a couple of weeks on that, establishing with experimentation that if I took it at 3 in the afternoon it did the least damage, and I wasn't snapping awake at 4 or 5 in the morning. But I didn't see any actual *benefits*.   So, off that one, and now I'm taking Medikinet. And cetrizine hydrochloride. Because my throat is closing up, my eyes are dry, my bones all feel like they're slightly in the wrong place, I want to bite the head off anyone who drags my attention away from whatever I'm trying to get on with...  According to the psychotherapist, this drug is pretty much my last option. I really, really hope she means it's the last one my NHS foundation will fund. I'm willing to try going private if it means there are more options I can explore.    Tl;dr - I've gone through all the NHS-funded medication options. Methylphenidate works but I'm allergic to it, dextroamphetamine doesn't seem to be much better, atomoxetine did bugger all except give me a different set of intolerable side effects.   Can anyone help? Or at least commiserate?
8xxsyb,4198,4214,ADR,trouble sleeping,vyvanse,vyvanse,Rookie on a Vyvanse binge,need advice: I will put a TLDR: at the bottom of my post, as I begin writing this, I already know it's gonna go on for  a bit.(perhaps its the vyvanse?)  Hello, so as the title states, I am a rookie to prescription pills in general, but not a rookie with illicit substances.  I only smoke marijuana nowadays,but in my heyday, I did a little acid, and had a little good times,and bad times with cocaine.   I am also a full blown raging alcoholic, I went to rehab about 2 years ago, and I did stop drinking, but relapsed twice, just one night each time. Other than that I have no desire to ever drink again.  I've always smoke pot, going on just over 20 years now, with some short time frames when I was not smoking.  So I am a 38 yo male, never officially diagnosed with adhd, however between friends,co workers etc telling me I am add thought my whole life and learning about the illness and it symptoms, it's a good bet, I am mild to moderate ads for sure. I also remember in elementary school, they wanted me tested for add, but my parents refused, basically denying even the possibility there may be anything wrong with me.  I grew up in a family and home, where things like "add" and "depression" were pretty much just made up terms, for people who either couldn't control themselves, or were crybaby and need to "get over it"  I am, and have been in depression for well over 20 years. Again, never diagnosed, because I remember as a young man, having no energy, feeling hopeless, depressed, telling my parents about it, and they just say things like "your just being lazy" or "You have no reason to be depressed, you have a home,food,etc"  Well, my life and it's story, would be considered a failure by society's standards. I never even graduated highschool. Always have shitty low paying jobs, I have been out on my own for many years in my own place but many times had to rely on others to provide shelter and food for me.  I find it incredibly hard to focus on a task, and I am.always moving my thoughts around from one thing to another.  At school I hated the way the classroom felt, I couldn't bare it. Stopped going.   At work, I manage to get through the work days, but I've always had jobs that are..crappy, but they don't expect much, and always a close to min wage type of job.  So, anyhow I won't get into too much unnecessary details, but basically I tried taking a vyvanse, at the advice of a friend about a couple months ago. It was one 40mg pill.  After taking it, I felt a bit different after about an hour, but then 2 hours after taking it, I felt a nice little rush.  I was making eye contact with people, I felt friendly, and was able to think and do things in a clear concise manner that I never had before.  My girlfriend couldn't believe how helpful I was being with her, being positive about things going on and how "normal" I was acting.  I usually go my day through multiple mood swings,and pessimism,a real downer...  Well time goes on, I'm feeling a bit too good, I start to worry a little. The feeling was similar to how I felt back when I used cocaine. No where near as intense as coke. But I was feeling good, and then I could feel.it slowly slipping away from me, and It made me want to try to take a bit more vyvanse, to keep that feeling going.  Well I did not have any more vyvanse, so I had to deal with it, i started feeling bad, then tired, but unable to sleep. Eventually I did fall asleep. I awoke the next day, a bit crabier than usual,but nothing like waking up after a cocaine binge.  Well, after that I did not want to mess with the vyvanse or anything else. So a couple months go by. During this time, I began researching ALOT of information about the drug, and reading many others personal accounts with using it.  Anyhow, so point being I decided to give it another try, about a week ago. And I had much better results. I made sure I had eaten, I did it on a day that I had household projects that needed to be done, and I had no work the next day.   The effect that time, was similar to the first time, but I knew what to expect a little more, and the ups were not as high and the lows, not as low.  I will had a bit of trouble sleeping,and felt a crash, but I took a xanax, and that helped immensley.  So now, it was about 5 days after,and I decide to try again. This time, I have time, and I binged a bit too much. As I am writing this now, I am on the ass end of my binge,  So my time frame of taking the vyvanse is this:  Monday morning, I take one 40mg 11am, I then take another 40mg at 7pm.  I stay up all night, by around 5 am I take a xanax, then asleep at 6am.   Well something came up, I was woken up about 9 am. So I got about 3 hour sleep. I felt very groggy, crabby and did not want to do what I needed to. But I was trying for a couple hours and it sucked. I decide to take another vyvanse 40mg at 11am.  Feeling good again in the usual couple hours later. Now getting things done, taking etc. Well, lots of things going on right now in my life, so around 7pm I am feeling fine, but know it won't last,so I take another vyvanse,  Getting late, but I have the place to myself now, and want to stay up and do some cleaning,browse internet, do some gaming,watch some porn..so I take another vyvanse at 12am, well it's 4 hours later now. I feel the effects still, as you can tell by how.much I writing, but definitely don't feel any type of rush, and I don't want to feel the big rush, so that's ok.  I had intended on going to sleep at 7 or 8 am this morning, which would be about 8 hours since last vyvanse dose.  I do have some xanax here and marijuana, my question is what time should I take the xanax? And is it realistic to think.ill be able to sleep at this time? And, is this a really bad binge? Or is it not so bad, since I did sleep a little, and I waited close to 8 hours between each dose? Ok now for the TO DR  TLDR: I am a rookie, with little experience on vyvanse. I been taking one pill about every 8 hours starting Monday at 8am. I did sleep about 3 hours on Monday night, but I took again Tuesday morning, every 8 hours, my last dose 4.hours ago. I want to try to sleep in about 3 hours from now. Is it going to happen? I do have some xanax and marijuana if it will help, when should I take the xanax?  Thanks all!
8xxsyb,20,25,ADR,binge,vyvanse,vyvanse,Rookie on a Vyvanse binge,need advice: I will put a TLDR: at the bottom of my post, as I begin writing this, I already know it's gonna go on for  a bit.(perhaps its the vyvanse?)  Hello, so as the title states, I am a rookie to prescription pills in general, but not a rookie with illicit substances.  I only smoke marijuana nowadays,but in my heyday, I did a little acid, and had a little good times,and bad times with cocaine.   I am also a full blown raging alcoholic, I went to rehab about 2 years ago, and I did stop drinking, but relapsed twice, just one night each time. Other than that I have no desire to ever drink again.  I've always smoke pot, going on just over 20 years now, with some short time frames when I was not smoking.  So I am a 38 yo male, never officially diagnosed with adhd, however between friends,co workers etc telling me I am add thought my whole life and learning about the illness and it symptoms, it's a good bet, I am mild to moderate ads for sure. I also remember in elementary school, they wanted me tested for add, but my parents refused, basically denying even the possibility there may be anything wrong with me.  I grew up in a family and home, where things like "add" and "depression" were pretty much just made up terms, for people who either couldn't control themselves, or were crybaby and need to "get over it"  I am, and have been in depression for well over 20 years. Again, never diagnosed, because I remember as a young man, having no energy, feeling hopeless, depressed, telling my parents about it, and they just say things like "your just being lazy" or "You have no reason to be depressed, you have a home,food,etc"  Well, my life and it's story, would be considered a failure by society's standards. I never even graduated highschool. Always have shitty low paying jobs, I have been out on my own for many years in my own place but many times had to rely on others to provide shelter and food for me.  I find it incredibly hard to focus on a task, and I am.always moving my thoughts around from one thing to another.  At school I hated the way the classroom felt, I couldn't bare it. Stopped going.   At work, I manage to get through the work days, but I've always had jobs that are..crappy, but they don't expect much, and always a close to min wage type of job.  So, anyhow I won't get into too much unnecessary details, but basically I tried taking a vyvanse, at the advice of a friend about a couple months ago. It was one 40mg pill.  After taking it, I felt a bit different after about an hour, but then 2 hours after taking it, I felt a nice little rush.  I was making eye contact with people, I felt friendly, and was able to think and do things in a clear concise manner that I never had before.  My girlfriend couldn't believe how helpful I was being with her, being positive about things going on and how "normal" I was acting.  I usually go my day through multiple mood swings,and pessimism,a real downer...  Well time goes on, I'm feeling a bit too good, I start to worry a little. The feeling was similar to how I felt back when I used cocaine. No where near as intense as coke. But I was feeling good, and then I could feel.it slowly slipping away from me, and It made me want to try to take a bit more vyvanse, to keep that feeling going.  Well I did not have any more vyvanse, so I had to deal with it, i started feeling bad, then tired, but unable to sleep. Eventually I did fall asleep. I awoke the next day, a bit crabier than usual,but nothing like waking up after a cocaine binge.  Well, after that I did not want to mess with the vyvanse or anything else. So a couple months go by. During this time, I began researching ALOT of information about the drug, and reading many others personal accounts with using it.  Anyhow, so point being I decided to give it another try, about a week ago. And I had much better results. I made sure I had eaten, I did it on a day that I had household projects that needed to be done, and I had no work the next day.   The effect that time, was similar to the first time, but I knew what to expect a little more, and the ups were not as high and the lows, not as low.  I will had a bit of trouble sleeping,and felt a crash, but I took a xanax, and that helped immensley.  So now, it was about 5 days after,and I decide to try again. This time, I have time, and I binged a bit too much. As I am writing this now, I am on the ass end of my binge,  So my time frame of taking the vyvanse is this:  Monday morning, I take one 40mg 11am, I then take another 40mg at 7pm.  I stay up all night, by around 5 am I take a xanax, then asleep at 6am.   Well something came up, I was woken up about 9 am. So I got about 3 hour sleep. I felt very groggy, crabby and did not want to do what I needed to. But I was trying for a couple hours and it sucked. I decide to take another vyvanse 40mg at 11am.  Feeling good again in the usual couple hours later. Now getting things done, taking etc. Well, lots of things going on right now in my life, so around 7pm I am feeling fine, but know it won't last,so I take another vyvanse,  Getting late, but I have the place to myself now, and want to stay up and do some cleaning,browse internet, do some gaming,watch some porn..so I take another vyvanse at 12am, well it's 4 hours later now. I feel the effects still, as you can tell by how.much I writing, but definitely don't feel any type of rush, and I don't want to feel the big rush, so that's ok.  I had intended on going to sleep at 7 or 8 am this morning, which would be about 8 hours since last vyvanse dose.  I do have some xanax here and marijuana, my question is what time should I take the xanax? And is it realistic to think.ill be able to sleep at this time? And, is this a really bad binge? Or is it not so bad, since I did sleep a little, and I waited close to 8 hours between each dose? Ok now for the TO DR  TLDR: I am a rookie, with little experience on vyvanse. I been taking one pill about every 8 hours starting Monday at 8am. I did sleep about 3 hours on Monday night, but I took again Tuesday morning, every 8 hours, my last dose 4.hours ago. I want to try to sleep in about 3 hours from now. Is it going to happen? I do have some xanax and marijuana if it will help, when should I take the xanax?  Thanks all!
8zfcf3,485,490,ADR,mania,latuda,latuda,So frustrated and tired, please help I feel so limited in treatment options because of how everything interacts with another of my diagnoses. I'm diagnosed with Schizoaffective Bipolar Type, Social Anxiety Disorder, PTSD, and Body Dysmorphia. I'm on 900mg Lithium, 60mg Latuda, 300mg x3 Gabapentin, and 30mg Buspar.  Everything conflicts with something. I can't take antidepressants to help with the bipolar depressive symptoms, social anxiety, and the body dysmorphia without causing mania. The only one that didn't make me manic, Wellbutrin, which theoretically could have helped with my negative symptoms (anhedonia and avolition) as well as my bipolar depressive symptoms and body dysmorphia, gave me horrible panic attacks and anxiety (conflict with my anxiety disorder, greaaaaat.) And Prozac didn't make me manic either if paired with Zyprexa (Symbyax combo) but it killed my dick.  If Wellbutrin gave me panic attacks as a mild stimulant, then I bet amphetamines are a no-go for my anxiety. Even caffeine makes me anxious. Plus they can potentially cause mania or psychosis for me due to my condition. I hear some people's anhedonia goes away from Adderal and other stimulants, which is a shame since I probably can't use it.  Lithium gives me acne which makes my body dysmorphic disorder terrible. I pick all day at my face, withdraw from friends because I feel too ugly, and it's made me flush it down the toilet numerous times causing me to go manic again. It's a shame since Lithium really works for both my mania and depression and I feel so NORMAL on it but it has this acne side effect. I really hope it goes away eventually, we lowered the dose recently from 1200 to 900mg so I hope it gets better. Plus I started tretinoin and clindamycin recently.  And I think my antipsychotics might be making my negative symptoms worse. The thing is I can't even tell if it's negative symptoms, bipolar depressive symptoms, or the antipsychotics. I don't have the unique "flashy" negative symptoms like alogia or flattened affect, just the anhedonia and avolition which can look like depression. Just a few days ago I switched from Zyprexa to Latuda, and while I feel much better physically I still have no desire to play video games like I did as a kid. Maybe it takes time to work? Idk but I'm scared of how much longer I'll have to deal with this anhedonia.  It's like everything has to be balanced under this delicate quadrilateral of mania, psychosis, anxiety, and negative symptoms. Try to fix one and you break one or more of the others.  I've tried many supplements, like Ashwagandha KSM-66 and Magnesium Glycinate for my social anxiety, NAC+Sarcosine and Creatine for bipolar disorder and negative symptoms (no results yet, but I understand it might take a while to work and I only just started them), and other general stuff like fish oil, vit d3, zinc and b complex for overall mental health. And I exercise too which should make me feel better but I don't. And I probably can't use racetams or 5htp without causing mania, so another barrier there.  I'm sorry for ranting, it's just I feel so trapped and limited in what I can use to help. The only relief I've ever had from my anhedonia was weed, but it makes me psychotic (yay another conflict!). My antipsychotic stops me from getting delusional on weed like I did my first time when I wasn't on an AP, but I visually hallucinate! I don't even get those normally, my psychosis is purely delusions and paranoia mostly.
8zfcf3,714,727,ADR,panic attacks,Wellbutrin,Wellbutrin,So frustrated and tired, please help I feel so limited in treatment options because of how everything interacts with another of my diagnoses. I'm diagnosed with Schizoaffective Bipolar Type, Social Anxiety Disorder, PTSD, and Body Dysmorphia. I'm on 900mg Lithium, 60mg Latuda, 300mg x3 Gabapentin, and 30mg Buspar.  Everything conflicts with something. I can't take antidepressants to help with the bipolar depressive symptoms, social anxiety, and the body dysmorphia without causing mania. The only one that didn't make me manic, Wellbutrin, which theoretically could have helped with my negative symptoms (anhedonia and avolition) as well as my bipolar depressive symptoms and body dysmorphia, gave me horrible panic attacks and anxiety (conflict with my anxiety disorder, greaaaaat.) And Prozac didn't make me manic either if paired with Zyprexa (Symbyax combo) but it killed my dick.  If Wellbutrin gave me panic attacks as a mild stimulant, then I bet amphetamines are a no-go for my anxiety. Even caffeine makes me anxious. Plus they can potentially cause mania or psychosis for me due to my condition. I hear some people's anhedonia goes away from Adderal and other stimulants, which is a shame since I probably can't use it.  Lithium gives me acne which makes my body dysmorphic disorder terrible. I pick all day at my face, withdraw from friends because I feel too ugly, and it's made me flush it down the toilet numerous times causing me to go manic again. It's a shame since Lithium really works for both my mania and depression and I feel so NORMAL on it but it has this acne side effect. I really hope it goes away eventually, we lowered the dose recently from 1200 to 900mg so I hope it gets better. Plus I started tretinoin and clindamycin recently.  And I think my antipsychotics might be making my negative symptoms worse. The thing is I can't even tell if it's negative symptoms, bipolar depressive symptoms, or the antipsychotics. I don't have the unique "flashy" negative symptoms like alogia or flattened affect, just the anhedonia and avolition which can look like depression. Just a few days ago I switched from Zyprexa to Latuda, and while I feel much better physically I still have no desire to play video games like I did as a kid. Maybe it takes time to work? Idk but I'm scared of how much longer I'll have to deal with this anhedonia.  It's like everything has to be balanced under this delicate quadrilateral of mania, psychosis, anxiety, and negative symptoms. Try to fix one and you break one or more of the others.  I've tried many supplements, like Ashwagandha KSM-66 and Magnesium Glycinate for my social anxiety, NAC+Sarcosine and Creatine for bipolar disorder and negative symptoms (no results yet, but I understand it might take a while to work and I only just started them), and other general stuff like fish oil, vit d3, zinc and b complex for overall mental health. And I exercise too which should make me feel better but I don't. And I probably can't use racetams or 5htp without causing mania, so another barrier there.  I'm sorry for ranting, it's just I feel so trapped and limited in what I can use to help. The only relief I've ever had from my anhedonia was weed, but it makes me psychotic (yay another conflict!). My antipsychotic stops me from getting delusional on weed like I did my first time when I wasn't on an AP, but I visually hallucinate! I don't even get those normally, my psychosis is purely delusions and paranoia mostly.
8zfcf3,436,443,ADR,anxiety,Wellbutrin,Wellbutrin,So frustrated and tired, please help I feel so limited in treatment options because of how everything interacts with another of my diagnoses. I'm diagnosed with Schizoaffective Bipolar Type, Social Anxiety Disorder, PTSD, and Body Dysmorphia. I'm on 900mg Lithium, 60mg Latuda, 300mg x3 Gabapentin, and 30mg Buspar.  Everything conflicts with something. I can't take antidepressants to help with the bipolar depressive symptoms, social anxiety, and the body dysmorphia without causing mania. The only one that didn't make me manic, Wellbutrin, which theoretically could have helped with my negative symptoms (anhedonia and avolition) as well as my bipolar depressive symptoms and body dysmorphia, gave me horrible panic attacks and anxiety (conflict with my anxiety disorder, greaaaaat.) And Prozac didn't make me manic either if paired with Zyprexa (Symbyax combo) but it killed my dick.  If Wellbutrin gave me panic attacks as a mild stimulant, then I bet amphetamines are a no-go for my anxiety. Even caffeine makes me anxious. Plus they can potentially cause mania or psychosis for me due to my condition. I hear some people's anhedonia goes away from Adderal and other stimulants, which is a shame since I probably can't use it.  Lithium gives me acne which makes my body dysmorphic disorder terrible. I pick all day at my face, withdraw from friends because I feel too ugly, and it's made me flush it down the toilet numerous times causing me to go manic again. It's a shame since Lithium really works for both my mania and depression and I feel so NORMAL on it but it has this acne side effect. I really hope it goes away eventually, we lowered the dose recently from 1200 to 900mg so I hope it gets better. Plus I started tretinoin and clindamycin recently.  And I think my antipsychotics might be making my negative symptoms worse. The thing is I can't even tell if it's negative symptoms, bipolar depressive symptoms, or the antipsychotics. I don't have the unique "flashy" negative symptoms like alogia or flattened affect, just the anhedonia and avolition which can look like depression. Just a few days ago I switched from Zyprexa to Latuda, and while I feel much better physically I still have no desire to play video games like I did as a kid. Maybe it takes time to work? Idk but I'm scared of how much longer I'll have to deal with this anhedonia.  It's like everything has to be balanced under this delicate quadrilateral of mania, psychosis, anxiety, and negative symptoms. Try to fix one and you break one or more of the others.  I've tried many supplements, like Ashwagandha KSM-66 and Magnesium Glycinate for my social anxiety, NAC+Sarcosine and Creatine for bipolar disorder and negative symptoms (no results yet, but I understand it might take a while to work and I only just started them), and other general stuff like fish oil, vit d3, zinc and b complex for overall mental health. And I exercise too which should make me feel better but I don't. And I probably can't use racetams or 5htp without causing mania, so another barrier there.  I'm sorry for ranting, it's just I feel so trapped and limited in what I can use to help. The only relief I've ever had from my anhedonia was weed, but it makes me psychotic (yay another conflict!). My antipsychotic stops me from getting delusional on weed like I did my first time when I wasn't on an AP, but I visually hallucinate! I don't even get those normally, my psychosis is purely delusions and paranoia mostly.
8zfcf3,1072,1081,ADR,psychosis,amphetamines,amphetamines,So frustrated and tired, please help I feel so limited in treatment options because of how everything interacts with another of my diagnoses. I'm diagnosed with Schizoaffective Bipolar Type, Social Anxiety Disorder, PTSD, and Body Dysmorphia. I'm on 900mg Lithium, 60mg Latuda, 300mg x3 Gabapentin, and 30mg Buspar.  Everything conflicts with something. I can't take antidepressants to help with the bipolar depressive symptoms, social anxiety, and the body dysmorphia without causing mania. The only one that didn't make me manic, Wellbutrin, which theoretically could have helped with my negative symptoms (anhedonia and avolition) as well as my bipolar depressive symptoms and body dysmorphia, gave me horrible panic attacks and anxiety (conflict with my anxiety disorder, greaaaaat.) And Prozac didn't make me manic either if paired with Zyprexa (Symbyax combo) but it killed my dick.  If Wellbutrin gave me panic attacks as a mild stimulant, then I bet amphetamines are a no-go for my anxiety. Even caffeine makes me anxious. Plus they can potentially cause mania or psychosis for me due to my condition. I hear some people's anhedonia goes away from Adderal and other stimulants, which is a shame since I probably can't use it.  Lithium gives me acne which makes my body dysmorphic disorder terrible. I pick all day at my face, withdraw from friends because I feel too ugly, and it's made me flush it down the toilet numerous times causing me to go manic again. It's a shame since Lithium really works for both my mania and depression and I feel so NORMAL on it but it has this acne side effect. I really hope it goes away eventually, we lowered the dose recently from 1200 to 900mg so I hope it gets better. Plus I started tretinoin and clindamycin recently.  And I think my antipsychotics might be making my negative symptoms worse. The thing is I can't even tell if it's negative symptoms, bipolar depressive symptoms, or the antipsychotics. I don't have the unique "flashy" negative symptoms like alogia or flattened affect, just the anhedonia and avolition which can look like depression. Just a few days ago I switched from Zyprexa to Latuda, and while I feel much better physically I still have no desire to play video games like I did as a kid. Maybe it takes time to work? Idk but I'm scared of how much longer I'll have to deal with this anhedonia.  It's like everything has to be balanced under this delicate quadrilateral of mania, psychosis, anxiety, and negative symptoms. Try to fix one and you break one or more of the others.  I've tried many supplements, like Ashwagandha KSM-66 and Magnesium Glycinate for my social anxiety, NAC+Sarcosine and Creatine for bipolar disorder and negative symptoms (no results yet, but I understand it might take a while to work and I only just started them), and other general stuff like fish oil, vit d3, zinc and b complex for overall mental health. And I exercise too which should make me feel better but I don't. And I probably can't use racetams or 5htp without causing mania, so another barrier there.  I'm sorry for ranting, it's just I feel so trapped and limited in what I can use to help. The only relief I've ever had from my anhedonia was weed, but it makes me psychotic (yay another conflict!). My antipsychotic stops me from getting delusional on weed like I did my first time when I wasn't on an AP, but I visually hallucinate! I don't even get those normally, my psychosis is purely delusions and paranoia mostly.
8zfcf3,1252,1256,ADR,acne,lithium,lithium,So frustrated and tired, please help I feel so limited in treatment options because of how everything interacts with another of my diagnoses. I'm diagnosed with Schizoaffective Bipolar Type, Social Anxiety Disorder, PTSD, and Body Dysmorphia. I'm on 900mg Lithium, 60mg Latuda, 300mg x3 Gabapentin, and 30mg Buspar.  Everything conflicts with something. I can't take antidepressants to help with the bipolar depressive symptoms, social anxiety, and the body dysmorphia without causing mania. The only one that didn't make me manic, Wellbutrin, which theoretically could have helped with my negative symptoms (anhedonia and avolition) as well as my bipolar depressive symptoms and body dysmorphia, gave me horrible panic attacks and anxiety (conflict with my anxiety disorder, greaaaaat.) And Prozac didn't make me manic either if paired with Zyprexa (Symbyax combo) but it killed my dick.  If Wellbutrin gave me panic attacks as a mild stimulant, then I bet amphetamines are a no-go for my anxiety. Even caffeine makes me anxious. Plus they can potentially cause mania or psychosis for me due to my condition. I hear some people's anhedonia goes away from Adderal and other stimulants, which is a shame since I probably can't use it.  Lithium gives me acne which makes my body dysmorphic disorder terrible. I pick all day at my face, withdraw from friends because I feel too ugly, and it's made me flush it down the toilet numerous times causing me to go manic again. It's a shame since Lithium really works for both my mania and depression and I feel so NORMAL on it but it has this acne side effect. I really hope it goes away eventually, we lowered the dose recently from 1200 to 900mg so I hope it gets better. Plus I started tretinoin and clindamycin recently.  And I think my antipsychotics might be making my negative symptoms worse. The thing is I can't even tell if it's negative symptoms, bipolar depressive symptoms, or the antipsychotics. I don't have the unique "flashy" negative symptoms like alogia or flattened affect, just the anhedonia and avolition which can look like depression. Just a few days ago I switched from Zyprexa to Latuda, and while I feel much better physically I still have no desire to play video games like I did as a kid. Maybe it takes time to work? Idk but I'm scared of how much longer I'll have to deal with this anhedonia.  It's like everything has to be balanced under this delicate quadrilateral of mania, psychosis, anxiety, and negative symptoms. Try to fix one and you break one or more of the others.  I've tried many supplements, like Ashwagandha KSM-66 and Magnesium Glycinate for my social anxiety, NAC+Sarcosine and Creatine for bipolar disorder and negative symptoms (no results yet, but I understand it might take a while to work and I only just started them), and other general stuff like fish oil, vit d3, zinc and b complex for overall mental health. And I exercise too which should make me feel better but I don't. And I probably can't use racetams or 5htp without causing mania, so another barrier there.  I'm sorry for ranting, it's just I feel so trapped and limited in what I can use to help. The only relief I've ever had from my anhedonia was weed, but it makes me psychotic (yay another conflict!). My antipsychotic stops me from getting delusional on weed like I did my first time when I wasn't on an AP, but I visually hallucinate! I don't even get those normally, my psychosis is purely delusions and paranoia mostly.
8zfcf3,609,618,ADR,anhedonia,tretinoin,tretinoin,So frustrated and tired, please help I feel so limited in treatment options because of how everything interacts with another of my diagnoses. I'm diagnosed with Schizoaffective Bipolar Type, Social Anxiety Disorder, PTSD, and Body Dysmorphia. I'm on 900mg Lithium, 60mg Latuda, 300mg x3 Gabapentin, and 30mg Buspar.  Everything conflicts with something. I can't take antidepressants to help with the bipolar depressive symptoms, social anxiety, and the body dysmorphia without causing mania. The only one that didn't make me manic, Wellbutrin, which theoretically could have helped with my negative symptoms (anhedonia and avolition) as well as my bipolar depressive symptoms and body dysmorphia, gave me horrible panic attacks and anxiety (conflict with my anxiety disorder, greaaaaat.) And Prozac didn't make me manic either if paired with Zyprexa (Symbyax combo) but it killed my dick.  If Wellbutrin gave me panic attacks as a mild stimulant, then I bet amphetamines are a no-go for my anxiety. Even caffeine makes me anxious. Plus they can potentially cause mania or psychosis for me due to my condition. I hear some people's anhedonia goes away from Adderal and other stimulants, which is a shame since I probably can't use it.  Lithium gives me acne which makes my body dysmorphic disorder terrible. I pick all day at my face, withdraw from friends because I feel too ugly, and it's made me flush it down the toilet numerous times causing me to go manic again. It's a shame since Lithium really works for both my mania and depression and I feel so NORMAL on it but it has this acne side effect. I really hope it goes away eventually, we lowered the dose recently from 1200 to 900mg so I hope it gets better. Plus I started tretinoin and clindamycin recently.  And I think my antipsychotics might be making my negative symptoms worse. The thing is I can't even tell if it's negative symptoms, bipolar depressive symptoms, or the antipsychotics. I don't have the unique "flashy" negative symptoms like alogia or flattened affect, just the anhedonia and avolition which can look like depression. Just a few days ago I switched from Zyprexa to Latuda, and while I feel much better physically I still have no desire to play video games like I did as a kid. Maybe it takes time to work? Idk but I'm scared of how much longer I'll have to deal with this anhedonia.  It's like everything has to be balanced under this delicate quadrilateral of mania, psychosis, anxiety, and negative symptoms. Try to fix one and you break one or more of the others.  I've tried many supplements, like Ashwagandha KSM-66 and Magnesium Glycinate for my social anxiety, NAC+Sarcosine and Creatine for bipolar disorder and negative symptoms (no results yet, but I understand it might take a while to work and I only just started them), and other general stuff like fish oil, vit d3, zinc and b complex for overall mental health. And I exercise too which should make me feel better but I don't. And I probably can't use racetams or 5htp without causing mania, so another barrier there.  I'm sorry for ranting, it's just I feel so trapped and limited in what I can use to help. The only relief I've ever had from my anhedonia was weed, but it makes me psychotic (yay another conflict!). My antipsychotic stops me from getting delusional on weed like I did my first time when I wasn't on an AP, but I visually hallucinate! I don't even get those normally, my psychosis is purely delusions and paranoia mostly.
8zfcf3,623,632,ADR,avolition,tretinoin,tretinoin,So frustrated and tired, please help I feel so limited in treatment options because of how everything interacts with another of my diagnoses. I'm diagnosed with Schizoaffective Bipolar Type, Social Anxiety Disorder, PTSD, and Body Dysmorphia. I'm on 900mg Lithium, 60mg Latuda, 300mg x3 Gabapentin, and 30mg Buspar.  Everything conflicts with something. I can't take antidepressants to help with the bipolar depressive symptoms, social anxiety, and the body dysmorphia without causing mania. The only one that didn't make me manic, Wellbutrin, which theoretically could have helped with my negative symptoms (anhedonia and avolition) as well as my bipolar depressive symptoms and body dysmorphia, gave me horrible panic attacks and anxiety (conflict with my anxiety disorder, greaaaaat.) And Prozac didn't make me manic either if paired with Zyprexa (Symbyax combo) but it killed my dick.  If Wellbutrin gave me panic attacks as a mild stimulant, then I bet amphetamines are a no-go for my anxiety. Even caffeine makes me anxious. Plus they can potentially cause mania or psychosis for me due to my condition. I hear some people's anhedonia goes away from Adderal and other stimulants, which is a shame since I probably can't use it.  Lithium gives me acne which makes my body dysmorphic disorder terrible. I pick all day at my face, withdraw from friends because I feel too ugly, and it's made me flush it down the toilet numerous times causing me to go manic again. It's a shame since Lithium really works for both my mania and depression and I feel so NORMAL on it but it has this acne side effect. I really hope it goes away eventually, we lowered the dose recently from 1200 to 900mg so I hope it gets better. Plus I started tretinoin and clindamycin recently.  And I think my antipsychotics might be making my negative symptoms worse. The thing is I can't even tell if it's negative symptoms, bipolar depressive symptoms, or the antipsychotics. I don't have the unique "flashy" negative symptoms like alogia or flattened affect, just the anhedonia and avolition which can look like depression. Just a few days ago I switched from Zyprexa to Latuda, and while I feel much better physically I still have no desire to play video games like I did as a kid. Maybe it takes time to work? Idk but I'm scared of how much longer I'll have to deal with this anhedonia.  It's like everything has to be balanced under this delicate quadrilateral of mania, psychosis, anxiety, and negative symptoms. Try to fix one and you break one or more of the others.  I've tried many supplements, like Ashwagandha KSM-66 and Magnesium Glycinate for my social anxiety, NAC+Sarcosine and Creatine for bipolar disorder and negative symptoms (no results yet, but I understand it might take a while to work and I only just started them), and other general stuff like fish oil, vit d3, zinc and b complex for overall mental health. And I exercise too which should make me feel better but I don't. And I probably can't use racetams or 5htp without causing mania, so another barrier there.  I'm sorry for ranting, it's just I feel so trapped and limited in what I can use to help. The only relief I've ever had from my anhedonia was weed, but it makes me psychotic (yay another conflict!). My antipsychotic stops me from getting delusional on weed like I did my first time when I wasn't on an AP, but I visually hallucinate! I don't even get those normally, my psychosis is purely delusions and paranoia mostly.
8zfcf3,1072,1081,ADR,psychosis,latuda,latuda,So frustrated and tired, please help I feel so limited in treatment options because of how everything interacts with another of my diagnoses. I'm diagnosed with Schizoaffective Bipolar Type, Social Anxiety Disorder, PTSD, and Body Dysmorphia. I'm on 900mg Lithium, 60mg Latuda, 300mg x3 Gabapentin, and 30mg Buspar.  Everything conflicts with something. I can't take antidepressants to help with the bipolar depressive symptoms, social anxiety, and the body dysmorphia without causing mania. The only one that didn't make me manic, Wellbutrin, which theoretically could have helped with my negative symptoms (anhedonia and avolition) as well as my bipolar depressive symptoms and body dysmorphia, gave me horrible panic attacks and anxiety (conflict with my anxiety disorder, greaaaaat.) And Prozac didn't make me manic either if paired with Zyprexa (Symbyax combo) but it killed my dick.  If Wellbutrin gave me panic attacks as a mild stimulant, then I bet amphetamines are a no-go for my anxiety. Even caffeine makes me anxious. Plus they can potentially cause mania or psychosis for me due to my condition. I hear some people's anhedonia goes away from Adderal and other stimulants, which is a shame since I probably can't use it.  Lithium gives me acne which makes my body dysmorphic disorder terrible. I pick all day at my face, withdraw from friends because I feel too ugly, and it's made me flush it down the toilet numerous times causing me to go manic again. It's a shame since Lithium really works for both my mania and depression and I feel so NORMAL on it but it has this acne side effect. I really hope it goes away eventually, we lowered the dose recently from 1200 to 900mg so I hope it gets better. Plus I started tretinoin and clindamycin recently.  And I think my antipsychotics might be making my negative symptoms worse. The thing is I can't even tell if it's negative symptoms, bipolar depressive symptoms, or the antipsychotics. I don't have the unique "flashy" negative symptoms like alogia or flattened affect, just the anhedonia and avolition which can look like depression. Just a few days ago I switched from Zyprexa to Latuda, and while I feel much better physically I still have no desire to play video games like I did as a kid. Maybe it takes time to work? Idk but I'm scared of how much longer I'll have to deal with this anhedonia.  It's like everything has to be balanced under this delicate quadrilateral of mania, psychosis, anxiety, and negative symptoms. Try to fix one and you break one or more of the others.  I've tried many supplements, like Ashwagandha KSM-66 and Magnesium Glycinate for my social anxiety, NAC+Sarcosine and Creatine for bipolar disorder and negative symptoms (no results yet, but I understand it might take a while to work and I only just started them), and other general stuff like fish oil, vit d3, zinc and b complex for overall mental health. And I exercise too which should make me feel better but I don't. And I probably can't use racetams or 5htp without causing mania, so another barrier there.  I'm sorry for ranting, it's just I feel so trapped and limited in what I can use to help. The only relief I've ever had from my anhedonia was weed, but it makes me psychotic (yay another conflict!). My antipsychotic stops me from getting delusional on weed like I did my first time when I wasn't on an AP, but I visually hallucinate! I don't even get those normally, my psychosis is purely delusions and paranoia mostly.
8zfcf3,429,443,ADR,social anxiety,latuda,latuda,So frustrated and tired, please help I feel so limited in treatment options because of how everything interacts with another of my diagnoses. I'm diagnosed with Schizoaffective Bipolar Type, Social Anxiety Disorder, PTSD, and Body Dysmorphia. I'm on 900mg Lithium, 60mg Latuda, 300mg x3 Gabapentin, and 30mg Buspar.  Everything conflicts with something. I can't take antidepressants to help with the bipolar depressive symptoms, social anxiety, and the body dysmorphia without causing mania. The only one that didn't make me manic, Wellbutrin, which theoretically could have helped with my negative symptoms (anhedonia and avolition) as well as my bipolar depressive symptoms and body dysmorphia, gave me horrible panic attacks and anxiety (conflict with my anxiety disorder, greaaaaat.) And Prozac didn't make me manic either if paired with Zyprexa (Symbyax combo) but it killed my dick.  If Wellbutrin gave me panic attacks as a mild stimulant, then I bet amphetamines are a no-go for my anxiety. Even caffeine makes me anxious. Plus they can potentially cause mania or psychosis for me due to my condition. I hear some people's anhedonia goes away from Adderal and other stimulants, which is a shame since I probably can't use it.  Lithium gives me acne which makes my body dysmorphic disorder terrible. I pick all day at my face, withdraw from friends because I feel too ugly, and it's made me flush it down the toilet numerous times causing me to go manic again. It's a shame since Lithium really works for both my mania and depression and I feel so NORMAL on it but it has this acne side effect. I really hope it goes away eventually, we lowered the dose recently from 1200 to 900mg so I hope it gets better. Plus I started tretinoin and clindamycin recently.  And I think my antipsychotics might be making my negative symptoms worse. The thing is I can't even tell if it's negative symptoms, bipolar depressive symptoms, or the antipsychotics. I don't have the unique "flashy" negative symptoms like alogia or flattened affect, just the anhedonia and avolition which can look like depression. Just a few days ago I switched from Zyprexa to Latuda, and while I feel much better physically I still have no desire to play video games like I did as a kid. Maybe it takes time to work? Idk but I'm scared of how much longer I'll have to deal with this anhedonia.  It's like everything has to be balanced under this delicate quadrilateral of mania, psychosis, anxiety, and negative symptoms. Try to fix one and you break one or more of the others.  I've tried many supplements, like Ashwagandha KSM-66 and Magnesium Glycinate for my social anxiety, NAC+Sarcosine and Creatine for bipolar disorder and negative symptoms (no results yet, but I understand it might take a while to work and I only just started them), and other general stuff like fish oil, vit d3, zinc and b complex for overall mental health. And I exercise too which should make me feel better but I don't. And I probably can't use racetams or 5htp without causing mania, so another barrier there.  I'm sorry for ranting, it's just I feel so trapped and limited in what I can use to help. The only relief I've ever had from my anhedonia was weed, but it makes me psychotic (yay another conflict!). My antipsychotic stops me from getting delusional on weed like I did my first time when I wasn't on an AP, but I visually hallucinate! I don't even get those normally, my psychosis is purely delusions and paranoia mostly.
8zfcf3,3303,3313,ADR,delusional,nothing??,nothing??,So frustrated and tired, please help I feel so limited in treatment options because of how everything interacts with another of my diagnoses. I'm diagnosed with Schizoaffective Bipolar Type, Social Anxiety Disorder, PTSD, and Body Dysmorphia. I'm on 900mg Lithium, 60mg Latuda, 300mg x3 Gabapentin, and 30mg Buspar.  Everything conflicts with something. I can't take antidepressants to help with the bipolar depressive symptoms, social anxiety, and the body dysmorphia without causing mania. The only one that didn't make me manic, Wellbutrin, which theoretically could have helped with my negative symptoms (anhedonia and avolition) as well as my bipolar depressive symptoms and body dysmorphia, gave me horrible panic attacks and anxiety (conflict with my anxiety disorder, greaaaaat.) And Prozac didn't make me manic either if paired with Zyprexa (Symbyax combo) but it killed my dick.  If Wellbutrin gave me panic attacks as a mild stimulant, then I bet amphetamines are a no-go for my anxiety. Even caffeine makes me anxious. Plus they can potentially cause mania or psychosis for me due to my condition. I hear some people's anhedonia goes away from Adderal and other stimulants, which is a shame since I probably can't use it.  Lithium gives me acne which makes my body dysmorphic disorder terrible. I pick all day at my face, withdraw from friends because I feel too ugly, and it's made me flush it down the toilet numerous times causing me to go manic again. It's a shame since Lithium really works for both my mania and depression and I feel so NORMAL on it but it has this acne side effect. I really hope it goes away eventually, we lowered the dose recently from 1200 to 900mg so I hope it gets better. Plus I started tretinoin and clindamycin recently.  And I think my antipsychotics might be making my negative symptoms worse. The thing is I can't even tell if it's negative symptoms, bipolar depressive symptoms, or the antipsychotics. I don't have the unique "flashy" negative symptoms like alogia or flattened affect, just the anhedonia and avolition which can look like depression. Just a few days ago I switched from Zyprexa to Latuda, and while I feel much better physically I still have no desire to play video games like I did as a kid. Maybe it takes time to work? Idk but I'm scared of how much longer I'll have to deal with this anhedonia.  It's like everything has to be balanced under this delicate quadrilateral of mania, psychosis, anxiety, and negative symptoms. Try to fix one and you break one or more of the others.  I've tried many supplements, like Ashwagandha KSM-66 and Magnesium Glycinate for my social anxiety, NAC+Sarcosine and Creatine for bipolar disorder and negative symptoms (no results yet, but I understand it might take a while to work and I only just started them), and other general stuff like fish oil, vit d3, zinc and b complex for overall mental health. And I exercise too which should make me feel better but I don't. And I probably can't use racetams or 5htp without causing mania, so another barrier there.  I'm sorry for ranting, it's just I feel so trapped and limited in what I can use to help. The only relief I've ever had from my anhedonia was weed, but it makes me psychotic (yay another conflict!). My antipsychotic stops me from getting delusional on weed like I did my first time when I wasn't on an AP, but I visually hallucinate! I don't even get those normally, my psychosis is purely delusions and paranoia mostly.
8zfcf3,3469,3477,ADR,paranoia,nothing??,nothing??,So frustrated and tired, please help I feel so limited in treatment options because of how everything interacts with another of my diagnoses. I'm diagnosed with Schizoaffective Bipolar Type, Social Anxiety Disorder, PTSD, and Body Dysmorphia. I'm on 900mg Lithium, 60mg Latuda, 300mg x3 Gabapentin, and 30mg Buspar.  Everything conflicts with something. I can't take antidepressants to help with the bipolar depressive symptoms, social anxiety, and the body dysmorphia without causing mania. The only one that didn't make me manic, Wellbutrin, which theoretically could have helped with my negative symptoms (anhedonia and avolition) as well as my bipolar depressive symptoms and body dysmorphia, gave me horrible panic attacks and anxiety (conflict with my anxiety disorder, greaaaaat.) And Prozac didn't make me manic either if paired with Zyprexa (Symbyax combo) but it killed my dick.  If Wellbutrin gave me panic attacks as a mild stimulant, then I bet amphetamines are a no-go for my anxiety. Even caffeine makes me anxious. Plus they can potentially cause mania or psychosis for me due to my condition. I hear some people's anhedonia goes away from Adderal and other stimulants, which is a shame since I probably can't use it.  Lithium gives me acne which makes my body dysmorphic disorder terrible. I pick all day at my face, withdraw from friends because I feel too ugly, and it's made me flush it down the toilet numerous times causing me to go manic again. It's a shame since Lithium really works for both my mania and depression and I feel so NORMAL on it but it has this acne side effect. I really hope it goes away eventually, we lowered the dose recently from 1200 to 900mg so I hope it gets better. Plus I started tretinoin and clindamycin recently.  And I think my antipsychotics might be making my negative symptoms worse. The thing is I can't even tell if it's negative symptoms, bipolar depressive symptoms, or the antipsychotics. I don't have the unique "flashy" negative symptoms like alogia or flattened affect, just the anhedonia and avolition which can look like depression. Just a few days ago I switched from Zyprexa to Latuda, and while I feel much better physically I still have no desire to play video games like I did as a kid. Maybe it takes time to work? Idk but I'm scared of how much longer I'll have to deal with this anhedonia.  It's like everything has to be balanced under this delicate quadrilateral of mania, psychosis, anxiety, and negative symptoms. Try to fix one and you break one or more of the others.  I've tried many supplements, like Ashwagandha KSM-66 and Magnesium Glycinate for my social anxiety, NAC+Sarcosine and Creatine for bipolar disorder and negative symptoms (no results yet, but I understand it might take a while to work and I only just started them), and other general stuff like fish oil, vit d3, zinc and b complex for overall mental health. And I exercise too which should make me feel better but I don't. And I probably can't use racetams or 5htp without causing mania, so another barrier there.  I'm sorry for ranting, it's just I feel so trapped and limited in what I can use to help. The only relief I've ever had from my anhedonia was weed, but it makes me psychotic (yay another conflict!). My antipsychotic stops me from getting delusional on weed like I did my first time when I wasn't on an AP, but I visually hallucinate! I don't even get those normally, my psychosis is purely delusions and paranoia mostly.
8z047v,102,111,ADR,depressed,latuda,latuda,Zoloft or Latuda make me feel AWFUL at night This shit is awful... every fucking night I feel awfully depressed and suicidal I have to force myself to sleep to make it GO away!!!  I'm going to stop taking this shit. This is unbearable.  I'm on 60mg latuda at night and 50mg zoloft in the morning.  It hurts just to type this!!! Being alive is awful right now fuck.
8z047v,116,124,ADR,suicidal,latuda,latuda,Zoloft or Latuda make me feel AWFUL at night This shit is awful... every fucking night I feel awfully depressed and suicidal I have to force myself to sleep to make it GO away!!!  I'm going to stop taking this shit. This is unbearable.  I'm on 60mg latuda at night and 50mg zoloft in the morning.  It hurts just to type this!!! Being alive is awful right now fuck.
8yq1y5,755,772,ADR,suicidal thoughts,latuda,latuda,Seeking advice for a newly discovered bi-polar As the title says I just pieced it all together finally after years of symptoms, not responding to antidepressants or anxiety medication. Having severe depression my doctor placed me on latuda and i noticed an immediate difference in my mood. But that was about 6 weeks ago now and the medicine isin't working at all and i feel like my condition is getting worse. Its hard to describe i just feel like im loosing my mind half of the time. like i can feel my pulse in my brain and everything gets really slow and i just feel numb and it can last for hours. I smoke fuck tons of weed since its the only thing i have found that helps even a little. fast forward, been 3 weeks on latuda, and im having super bad suicidal thoughts and worsened depression and its absolutely unbearable so i got off of that shit and now have been taking vraylar for about 2 weeks with no noticeable difference. The medicine seems to take away the mania completely but does absolutely nothing for the depression and I dont know what to do. I'm suicidal and anxiety is through the roof, unemployed, no real hobbies to distract myself, gaining weight. just seeking advice from those of you who have been through this before. I just cant see the light at the end of this tunnel and its wrecking my whole life currently. I have a clinical psychology appointment scheduled but its not for another month and i just feel like i'm loosing my grip with reality more by the day.
8yq1y5,199,209,ADR,depression,latuda,latuda,Seeking advice for a newly discovered bi-polar As the title says I just pieced it all together finally after years of symptoms, not responding to antidepressants or anxiety medication. Having severe depression my doctor placed me on latuda and i noticed an immediate difference in my mood. But that was about 6 weeks ago now and the medicine isin't working at all and i feel like my condition is getting worse. Its hard to describe i just feel like im loosing my mind half of the time. like i can feel my pulse in my brain and everything gets really slow and i just feel numb and it can last for hours. I smoke fuck tons of weed since its the only thing i have found that helps even a little. fast forward, been 3 weeks on latuda, and im having super bad suicidal thoughts and worsened depression and its absolutely unbearable so i got off of that shit and now have been taking vraylar for about 2 weeks with no noticeable difference. The medicine seems to take away the mania completely but does absolutely nothing for the depression and I dont know what to do. I'm suicidal and anxiety is through the roof, unemployed, no real hobbies to distract myself, gaining weight. just seeking advice from those of you who have been through this before. I just cant see the light at the end of this tunnel and its wrecking my whole life currently. I have a clinical psychology appointment scheduled but its not for another month and i just feel like i'm loosing my grip with reality more by the day.
8yfh7u,267,274,ADR,anxious,cipralex,cipralex,Prozac Insomnia Hello, not sure if this is an antidepressant problem or an antipsychotic problem or just general depression. Anyways I've had depression for at least 5 years now, was diagnosed as Borderline a couple years ago. I was put on Cipralex, made me terribly anxious. Then went on Pristiq which was awful to come off of. Now I'm on prozac and I can't sleep since I started taking it. I wake up in the middle of the night completely agitated. Then I eventually doze off and wake up again at like 5 am. I also started the process of coming off Latuda, an atypical antipsychotic mood stabilizer which I thought to be super helpful. My psych thinks I should go up on the prozac to help with anxiety and just take sleeping pills (which aren't working) and to come off the latuda completely. I was doing great mood wise for a while, but the last couple weeks I've been really sad and moody and today I just don't care about being alive anymore. Everyone in my family is congratulating me on coming off meds but I feel so low today maybe coming off meds was a mistake.
8yfh7u,353,364,ADR,can't sleep,prozac,prozac,Prozac Insomnia Hello, not sure if this is an antidepressant problem or an antipsychotic problem or just general depression. Anyways I've had depression for at least 5 years now, was diagnosed as Borderline a couple years ago. I was put on Cipralex, made me terribly anxious. Then went on Pristiq which was awful to come off of. Now I'm on prozac and I can't sleep since I started taking it. I wake up in the middle of the night completely agitated. Then I eventually doze off and wake up again at like 5 am. I also started the process of coming off Latuda, an atypical antipsychotic mood stabilizer which I thought to be super helpful. My psych thinks I should go up on the prozac to help with anxiety and just take sleeping pills (which aren't working) and to come off the latuda completely. I was doing great mood wise for a while, but the last couple weeks I've been really sad and moody and today I just don't care about being alive anymore. Everyone in my family is congratulating me on coming off meds but I feel so low today maybe coming off meds was a mistake.
8yfh7u,440,448,ADR,agitated,prozac,prozac,Prozac Insomnia Hello, not sure if this is an antidepressant problem or an antipsychotic problem or just general depression. Anyways I've had depression for at least 5 years now, was diagnosed as Borderline a couple years ago. I was put on Cipralex, made me terribly anxious. Then went on Pristiq which was awful to come off of. Now I'm on prozac and I can't sleep since I started taking it. I wake up in the middle of the night completely agitated. Then I eventually doze off and wake up again at like 5 am. I also started the process of coming off Latuda, an atypical antipsychotic mood stabilizer which I thought to be super helpful. My psych thinks I should go up on the prozac to help with anxiety and just take sleeping pills (which aren't working) and to come off the latuda completely. I was doing great mood wise for a while, but the last couple weeks I've been really sad and moody and today I just don't care about being alive anymore. Everyone in my family is congratulating me on coming off meds but I feel so low today maybe coming off meds was a mistake.
8yfh7u,886,891,ADR,moody,prozac,prozac,Prozac Insomnia Hello, not sure if this is an antidepressant problem or an antipsychotic problem or just general depression. Anyways I've had depression for at least 5 years now, was diagnosed as Borderline a couple years ago. I was put on Cipralex, made me terribly anxious. Then went on Pristiq which was awful to come off of. Now I'm on prozac and I can't sleep since I started taking it. I wake up in the middle of the night completely agitated. Then I eventually doze off and wake up again at like 5 am. I also started the process of coming off Latuda, an atypical antipsychotic mood stabilizer which I thought to be super helpful. My psych thinks I should go up on the prozac to help with anxiety and just take sleeping pills (which aren't working) and to come off the latuda completely. I was doing great mood wise for a while, but the last couple weeks I've been really sad and moody and today I just don't care about being alive anymore. Everyone in my family is congratulating me on coming off meds but I feel so low today maybe coming off meds was a mistake.
8yfh7u,878,881,ADR,sad,prozac,prozac,Prozac Insomnia Hello, not sure if this is an antidepressant problem or an antipsychotic problem or just general depression. Anyways I've had depression for at least 5 years now, was diagnosed as Borderline a couple years ago. I was put on Cipralex, made me terribly anxious. Then went on Pristiq which was awful to come off of. Now I'm on prozac and I can't sleep since I started taking it. I wake up in the middle of the night completely agitated. Then I eventually doze off and wake up again at like 5 am. I also started the process of coming off Latuda, an atypical antipsychotic mood stabilizer which I thought to be super helpful. My psych thinks I should go up on the prozac to help with anxiety and just take sleeping pills (which aren't working) and to come off the latuda completely. I was doing great mood wise for a while, but the last couple weeks I've been really sad and moody and today I just don't care about being alive anymore. Everyone in my family is congratulating me on coming off meds but I feel so low today maybe coming off meds was a mistake.
8y4c00,0,8,ADR,Lazy eye,vimpat,vimpat,Lazy eye on keppra? - droopy eye lid I just noticed I have a lazy eye on keppra   Here's some pictures : https://imgur.com/a/RLQYwvv   and I never noticed it before even when I was on keppra. Changes are : I'm taking my folic acid again, back on vitamin D3. Now I'm on 150mg twice a day of vimpat (was 100mg) and soon I'll be on 200mg twice a day of vimpat    Here's old photos : https://imgur.com/a/HWcJm2g
8y4c00,22,36,ADR,droopy eye lid,vimpat,vimpat,Lazy eye on keppra? - droopy eye lid I just noticed I have a lazy eye on keppra   Here's some pictures : https://imgur.com/a/RLQYwvv   and I never noticed it before even when I was on keppra. Changes are : I'm taking my folic acid again, back on vitamin D3. Now I'm on 150mg twice a day of vimpat (was 100mg) and soon I'll be on 200mg twice a day of vimpat    Here's old photos : https://imgur.com/a/HWcJm2g
8ztlw3,348,358,ADR,withdrawal,heroin,heroin,Suboxone as a means to get off of methadone Has anyone done this? I am tired of going to the clinic every damn day. I'm on 80 mg of methadone, and I've been on it for 4 months, without doing any heroin for the last three of them. I just want to be done with it all. But I'm definitely we have willing to ride out the sick that comes from methadone withdrawal. Will Suboxone work the same as it does for heroin?
8zt80p,8,12,ADR,bing,heroin,heroin,IV coke binge. Ugh! I love IV heroin and coke.  Great combo.  The H totally regulates the coke.  But last week I went on Suboxone so I can’t use H.  But today I got a ball of some fire coke and can’t stop shooting it!  I got shit to do tomorrow and need sleep.  I guess this is a shitpost.  I need to get some benzos for the comedown.  Anyone else have a love/hate relationship with IV coke?
8zsmbg,40,51,ADR,interaction,suboxone,suboxone,2 Questions; *1. Suboxone and Strattera interaction? 2. Suboxone and Medical MJ Good evening y’all, I have been lurking for a little while, made a throwaway today. A little about me, was moderately successful at chipping for about 7 years, mostly oxy. The last 5 months got really out of hand. My wife has issues that = abundance of oxy and fent patches, for about 7 years now, was able to keep my habit to 2 or 3 a week, but had a breakdown a few months back, the ultimate result was sniffing about 7-9 blues a day, sucking on cut up strips off of fent patch, about 300 dollars in kratom a week (just for withdrawal when I was out), and anything else I could get my hands on. Filled her 150 pill script on May 19th, she confronted me, crying on May 26th that only had a few left, all my lies and excuses were completely exhausted, told her I would get help. Called around, found a dr that seemed really positive, was inducted on June 1st. I do read a lot of negative stuff on the sub about Suboxone, but for me, even if it is naivety, it has ABSOLUTELY changed my life for the better in the last month and a half. EVERYTHING has been great, and I feel normal again for the first time since I started doing drugs, in the early 90’s.  I am on 20mg a day (2 1/2 8/2 pills a day, do have some nausea and dull headaches, but I take otc nausea meds to combat, it works for me) Now, to the questions, is anybody in here currently on Suboxone and Strattera? I was just prescribed Strattera, and have read up on it a lot, but haven’t come across anybody that is on both yet. Let me know your experiences (I do understand MMV with everybody, but any info is appreciated). I was started on 80mg, took my first dose today, was very happy not to get the adverse side affects almost everybody complains about. If you are on both, can you please help me understand how/when you know it’s working, and as specific as possible how it affects your focus, mood, and emotions? Much appreciated!!! Next question; If any of you live in NY, and you are not aware yet, there was an emergency amendment to the medical marijuana program, where mm dr’s now HAVE to give the patients the option to request MM as opposed to opiates. This does cover OAD (Opiod Abuse Disorder), as outlined in the amendment. This is great news for advocates like myself, I was so excited that I called my dr right away, and he was also excited. He told me he would read it over and most likely enroll me on Friday (my next visit). The question I have is this, can my dr prescribe both Suboxone and MM? From the sounds of it, he has no problem with it at all, I only worry that he is fairly new to addiction treatment, and I don’t want to unknowingly get him in trouble.  Thank you for reading, I love this sub, you have helped me a lot, and this sub is probably the only reason I decided to go this route instead of trying to go cold turkey, or even switching to herion. Have a great night!!!
8zsmbg,606,616,ADR,withdrawal,nothing,nothing,2 Questions; *1. Suboxone and Strattera interaction? 2. Suboxone and Medical MJ Good evening y’all, I have been lurking for a little while, made a throwaway today. A little about me, was moderately successful at chipping for about 7 years, mostly oxy. The last 5 months got really out of hand. My wife has issues that = abundance of oxy and fent patches, for about 7 years now, was able to keep my habit to 2 or 3 a week, but had a breakdown a few months back, the ultimate result was sniffing about 7-9 blues a day, sucking on cut up strips off of fent patch, about 300 dollars in kratom a week (just for withdrawal when I was out), and anything else I could get my hands on. Filled her 150 pill script on May 19th, she confronted me, crying on May 26th that only had a few left, all my lies and excuses were completely exhausted, told her I would get help. Called around, found a dr that seemed really positive, was inducted on June 1st. I do read a lot of negative stuff on the sub about Suboxone, but for me, even if it is naivety, it has ABSOLUTELY changed my life for the better in the last month and a half. EVERYTHING has been great, and I feel normal again for the first time since I started doing drugs, in the early 90’s.  I am on 20mg a day (2 1/2 8/2 pills a day, do have some nausea and dull headaches, but I take otc nausea meds to combat, it works for me) Now, to the questions, is anybody in here currently on Suboxone and Strattera? I was just prescribed Strattera, and have read up on it a lot, but haven’t come across anybody that is on both yet. Let me know your experiences (I do understand MMV with everybody, but any info is appreciated). I was started on 80mg, took my first dose today, was very happy not to get the adverse side affects almost everybody complains about. If you are on both, can you please help me understand how/when you know it’s working, and as specific as possible how it affects your focus, mood, and emotions? Much appreciated!!! Next question; If any of you live in NY, and you are not aware yet, there was an emergency amendment to the medical marijuana program, where mm dr’s now HAVE to give the patients the option to request MM as opposed to opiates. This does cover OAD (Opiod Abuse Disorder), as outlined in the amendment. This is great news for advocates like myself, I was so excited that I called my dr right away, and he was also excited. He told me he would read it over and most likely enroll me on Friday (my next visit). The question I have is this, can my dr prescribe both Suboxone and MM? From the sounds of it, he has no problem with it at all, I only worry that he is fairly new to addiction treatment, and I don’t want to unknowingly get him in trouble.  Thank you for reading, I love this sub, you have helped me a lot, and this sub is probably the only reason I decided to go this route instead of trying to go cold turkey, or even switching to herion. Have a great night!!!
8zsmbg,1290,1296,ADR,nausea,suboxone,suboxone,2 Questions; *1. Suboxone and Strattera interaction? 2. Suboxone and Medical MJ Good evening y’all, I have been lurking for a little while, made a throwaway today. A little about me, was moderately successful at chipping for about 7 years, mostly oxy. The last 5 months got really out of hand. My wife has issues that = abundance of oxy and fent patches, for about 7 years now, was able to keep my habit to 2 or 3 a week, but had a breakdown a few months back, the ultimate result was sniffing about 7-9 blues a day, sucking on cut up strips off of fent patch, about 300 dollars in kratom a week (just for withdrawal when I was out), and anything else I could get my hands on. Filled her 150 pill script on May 19th, she confronted me, crying on May 26th that only had a few left, all my lies and excuses were completely exhausted, told her I would get help. Called around, found a dr that seemed really positive, was inducted on June 1st. I do read a lot of negative stuff on the sub about Suboxone, but for me, even if it is naivety, it has ABSOLUTELY changed my life for the better in the last month and a half. EVERYTHING has been great, and I feel normal again for the first time since I started doing drugs, in the early 90’s.  I am on 20mg a day (2 1/2 8/2 pills a day, do have some nausea and dull headaches, but I take otc nausea meds to combat, it works for me) Now, to the questions, is anybody in here currently on Suboxone and Strattera? I was just prescribed Strattera, and have read up on it a lot, but haven’t come across anybody that is on both yet. Let me know your experiences (I do understand MMV with everybody, but any info is appreciated). I was started on 80mg, took my first dose today, was very happy not to get the adverse side affects almost everybody complains about. If you are on both, can you please help me understand how/when you know it’s working, and as specific as possible how it affects your focus, mood, and emotions? Much appreciated!!! Next question; If any of you live in NY, and you are not aware yet, there was an emergency amendment to the medical marijuana program, where mm dr’s now HAVE to give the patients the option to request MM as opposed to opiates. This does cover OAD (Opiod Abuse Disorder), as outlined in the amendment. This is great news for advocates like myself, I was so excited that I called my dr right away, and he was also excited. He told me he would read it over and most likely enroll me on Friday (my next visit). The question I have is this, can my dr prescribe both Suboxone and MM? From the sounds of it, he has no problem with it at all, I only worry that he is fairly new to addiction treatment, and I don’t want to unknowingly get him in trouble.  Thank you for reading, I love this sub, you have helped me a lot, and this sub is probably the only reason I decided to go this route instead of trying to go cold turkey, or even switching to herion. Have a great night!!!
8zsmbg,1306,1315,ADR,headaches,suboxone,suboxone,2 Questions; *1. Suboxone and Strattera interaction? 2. Suboxone and Medical MJ Good evening y’all, I have been lurking for a little while, made a throwaway today. A little about me, was moderately successful at chipping for about 7 years, mostly oxy. The last 5 months got really out of hand. My wife has issues that = abundance of oxy and fent patches, for about 7 years now, was able to keep my habit to 2 or 3 a week, but had a breakdown a few months back, the ultimate result was sniffing about 7-9 blues a day, sucking on cut up strips off of fent patch, about 300 dollars in kratom a week (just for withdrawal when I was out), and anything else I could get my hands on. Filled her 150 pill script on May 19th, she confronted me, crying on May 26th that only had a few left, all my lies and excuses were completely exhausted, told her I would get help. Called around, found a dr that seemed really positive, was inducted on June 1st. I do read a lot of negative stuff on the sub about Suboxone, but for me, even if it is naivety, it has ABSOLUTELY changed my life for the better in the last month and a half. EVERYTHING has been great, and I feel normal again for the first time since I started doing drugs, in the early 90’s.  I am on 20mg a day (2 1/2 8/2 pills a day, do have some nausea and dull headaches, but I take otc nausea meds to combat, it works for me) Now, to the questions, is anybody in here currently on Suboxone and Strattera? I was just prescribed Strattera, and have read up on it a lot, but haven’t come across anybody that is on both yet. Let me know your experiences (I do understand MMV with everybody, but any info is appreciated). I was started on 80mg, took my first dose today, was very happy not to get the adverse side affects almost everybody complains about. If you are on both, can you please help me understand how/when you know it’s working, and as specific as possible how it affects your focus, mood, and emotions? Much appreciated!!! Next question; If any of you live in NY, and you are not aware yet, there was an emergency amendment to the medical marijuana program, where mm dr’s now HAVE to give the patients the option to request MM as opposed to opiates. This does cover OAD (Opiod Abuse Disorder), as outlined in the amendment. This is great news for advocates like myself, I was so excited that I called my dr right away, and he was also excited. He told me he would read it over and most likely enroll me on Friday (my next visit). The question I have is this, can my dr prescribe both Suboxone and MM? From the sounds of it, he has no problem with it at all, I only worry that he is fairly new to addiction treatment, and I don’t want to unknowingly get him in trouble.  Thank you for reading, I love this sub, you have helped me a lot, and this sub is probably the only reason I decided to go this route instead of trying to go cold turkey, or even switching to herion. Have a great night!!!
8zsmbg,2226,2246,ADR,Opiod Abuse Disorder,suboxone,suboxone,2 Questions; *1. Suboxone and Strattera interaction? 2. Suboxone and Medical MJ Good evening y’all, I have been lurking for a little while, made a throwaway today. A little about me, was moderately successful at chipping for about 7 years, mostly oxy. The last 5 months got really out of hand. My wife has issues that = abundance of oxy and fent patches, for about 7 years now, was able to keep my habit to 2 or 3 a week, but had a breakdown a few months back, the ultimate result was sniffing about 7-9 blues a day, sucking on cut up strips off of fent patch, about 300 dollars in kratom a week (just for withdrawal when I was out), and anything else I could get my hands on. Filled her 150 pill script on May 19th, she confronted me, crying on May 26th that only had a few left, all my lies and excuses were completely exhausted, told her I would get help. Called around, found a dr that seemed really positive, was inducted on June 1st. I do read a lot of negative stuff on the sub about Suboxone, but for me, even if it is naivety, it has ABSOLUTELY changed my life for the better in the last month and a half. EVERYTHING has been great, and I feel normal again for the first time since I started doing drugs, in the early 90’s.  I am on 20mg a day (2 1/2 8/2 pills a day, do have some nausea and dull headaches, but I take otc nausea meds to combat, it works for me) Now, to the questions, is anybody in here currently on Suboxone and Strattera? I was just prescribed Strattera, and have read up on it a lot, but haven’t come across anybody that is on both yet. Let me know your experiences (I do understand MMV with everybody, but any info is appreciated). I was started on 80mg, took my first dose today, was very happy not to get the adverse side affects almost everybody complains about. If you are on both, can you please help me understand how/when you know it’s working, and as specific as possible how it affects your focus, mood, and emotions? Much appreciated!!! Next question; If any of you live in NY, and you are not aware yet, there was an emergency amendment to the medical marijuana program, where mm dr’s now HAVE to give the patients the option to request MM as opposed to opiates. This does cover OAD (Opiod Abuse Disorder), as outlined in the amendment. This is great news for advocates like myself, I was so excited that I called my dr right away, and he was also excited. He told me he would read it over and most likely enroll me on Friday (my next visit). The question I have is this, can my dr prescribe both Suboxone and MM? From the sounds of it, he has no problem with it at all, I only worry that he is fairly new to addiction treatment, and I don’t want to unknowingly get him in trouble.  Thank you for reading, I love this sub, you have helped me a lot, and this sub is probably the only reason I decided to go this route instead of trying to go cold turkey, or even switching to herion. Have a great night!!!
8zsmbg,2651,2660,ADR,addiction,suboxone,suboxone,2 Questions; *1. Suboxone and Strattera interaction? 2. Suboxone and Medical MJ Good evening y’all, I have been lurking for a little while, made a throwaway today. A little about me, was moderately successful at chipping for about 7 years, mostly oxy. The last 5 months got really out of hand. My wife has issues that = abundance of oxy and fent patches, for about 7 years now, was able to keep my habit to 2 or 3 a week, but had a breakdown a few months back, the ultimate result was sniffing about 7-9 blues a day, sucking on cut up strips off of fent patch, about 300 dollars in kratom a week (just for withdrawal when I was out), and anything else I could get my hands on. Filled her 150 pill script on May 19th, she confronted me, crying on May 26th that only had a few left, all my lies and excuses were completely exhausted, told her I would get help. Called around, found a dr that seemed really positive, was inducted on June 1st. I do read a lot of negative stuff on the sub about Suboxone, but for me, even if it is naivety, it has ABSOLUTELY changed my life for the better in the last month and a half. EVERYTHING has been great, and I feel normal again for the first time since I started doing drugs, in the early 90’s.  I am on 20mg a day (2 1/2 8/2 pills a day, do have some nausea and dull headaches, but I take otc nausea meds to combat, it works for me) Now, to the questions, is anybody in here currently on Suboxone and Strattera? I was just prescribed Strattera, and have read up on it a lot, but haven’t come across anybody that is on both yet. Let me know your experiences (I do understand MMV with everybody, but any info is appreciated). I was started on 80mg, took my first dose today, was very happy not to get the adverse side affects almost everybody complains about. If you are on both, can you please help me understand how/when you know it’s working, and as specific as possible how it affects your focus, mood, and emotions? Much appreciated!!! Next question; If any of you live in NY, and you are not aware yet, there was an emergency amendment to the medical marijuana program, where mm dr’s now HAVE to give the patients the option to request MM as opposed to opiates. This does cover OAD (Opiod Abuse Disorder), as outlined in the amendment. This is great news for advocates like myself, I was so excited that I called my dr right away, and he was also excited. He told me he would read it over and most likely enroll me on Friday (my next visit). The question I have is this, can my dr prescribe both Suboxone and MM? From the sounds of it, he has no problem with it at all, I only worry that he is fairly new to addiction treatment, and I don’t want to unknowingly get him in trouble.  Thank you for reading, I love this sub, you have helped me a lot, and this sub is probably the only reason I decided to go this route instead of trying to go cold turkey, or even switching to herion. Have a great night!!!
8zov1l,227,239,ADR,interactions,suboxone,suboxone,Prescribed opiates for tooth pain, currently on suboxone. Question? 1st of all, i am 7 months clean from opiates :) used to lurk on here but not much since. Hope u guys been well.  Anyways, i know the basics of opiate/suboxone interactions, but figured id ask. Im on 4mg on sub a day, and got a codeine script until i get a root canal in 2 days. Can i take the codeine safely while on suboxone? And will it even help with the pain at all? I know its hard to get high on subs but i just want the pain to go away thats it.   Any help is greatly appreciated :)
8zov1l,458,466,ADR,get high,suboxone,suboxone,Prescribed opiates for tooth pain, currently on suboxone. Question? 1st of all, i am 7 months clean from opiates :) used to lurk on here but not much since. Hope u guys been well.  Anyways, i know the basics of opiate/suboxone interactions, but figured id ask. Im on 4mg on sub a day, and got a codeine script until i get a root canal in 2 days. Can i take the codeine safely while on suboxone? And will it even help with the pain at all? I know its hard to get high on subs but i just want the pain to go away thats it.   Any help is greatly appreciated :)
8zjyf2,14,24,ADR,withdrawal,suboxone,suboxone,Precipitation withdrawal I just snorted some fent, shot up some herron, and boofed kratom. 20 mins later I took 2 suboxone 8mg, and a naltrexone. Am I going to go into precipitation withdrawal?
8zcys7,63,71,ADR,addicted,Lortab,Lortab,Suboxone Abuse? Hello everyone. I have a father who used to be addicted to Lortab and was taking about 30 per day. About 5 years ago he started the Suboxone program and hasn't slipped up (that I know of) since. But, lately I'm noticing strange behavior. I'm wondering if this could be something to do with taking too high of a dose or mixing with something. I will first say he does drink occasionally, but most of these instances occurredd when I know for a fact he was not drinking. Also, he is prescribed Trazodone for sleep, and that's it.  He will walk around the house looking for the dog in the dresser draws. He walks around with one sock and shoe on. He slurs his speech. He acts like he's talking to someone and he's not. He went to make a cup of coffee and he just poured the whole pot into the cup (spilling it) and used a spoon to stir the spilled coffee on the counter. He randomly thinks he is supposed to be at work in the middle of the night. I've had to hide his keys from him several times.  I am very worried about him and honestly worried about the safety of others most if he starts driving. Is this a sign of Suboxone abuse? He DOES have an Rx, but I don't know if he's taking them properly. I do know he isn't using needles, but that's the only thing I know.   Thanks in advance for everyone's advice.
8zcys7,663,679,ADR,slurs his speech,suboxone,suboxone,Suboxone Abuse? Hello everyone. I have a father who used to be addicted to Lortab and was taking about 30 per day. About 5 years ago he started the Suboxone program and hasn't slipped up (that I know of) since. But, lately I'm noticing strange behavior. I'm wondering if this could be something to do with taking too high of a dose or mixing with something. I will first say he does drink occasionally, but most of these instances occurredd when I know for a fact he was not drinking. Also, he is prescribed Trazodone for sleep, and that's it.  He will walk around the house looking for the dog in the dresser draws. He walks around with one sock and shoe on. He slurs his speech. He acts like he's talking to someone and he's not. He went to make a cup of coffee and he just poured the whole pot into the cup (spilling it) and used a spoon to stir the spilled coffee on the counter. He randomly thinks he is supposed to be at work in the middle of the night. I've had to hide his keys from him several times.  I am very worried about him and honestly worried about the safety of others most if he starts driving. Is this a sign of Suboxone abuse? He DOES have an Rx, but I don't know if he's taking them properly. I do know he isn't using needles, but that's the only thing I know.   Thanks in advance for everyone's advice.
8zcys7,1141,1146,ADR,abuse,suboxone,suboxone,Suboxone Abuse? Hello everyone. I have a father who used to be addicted to Lortab and was taking about 30 per day. About 5 years ago he started the Suboxone program and hasn't slipped up (that I know of) since. But, lately I'm noticing strange behavior. I'm wondering if this could be something to do with taking too high of a dose or mixing with something. I will first say he does drink occasionally, but most of these instances occurredd when I know for a fact he was not drinking. Also, he is prescribed Trazodone for sleep, and that's it.  He will walk around the house looking for the dog in the dresser draws. He walks around with one sock and shoe on. He slurs his speech. He acts like he's talking to someone and he's not. He went to make a cup of coffee and he just poured the whole pot into the cup (spilling it) and used a spoon to stir the spilled coffee on the counter. He randomly thinks he is supposed to be at work in the middle of the night. I've had to hide his keys from him several times.  I am very worried about him and honestly worried about the safety of others most if he starts driving. Is this a sign of Suboxone abuse? He DOES have an Rx, but I don't know if he's taking them properly. I do know he isn't using needles, but that's the only thing I know.   Thanks in advance for everyone's advice.
8z1opv,363,374,ADR,Withdrawals,drugs,drugs,Successful Craigslist Cold Cop Experience So i have a steady hook for black tar h. Mexican organization, 365 days a year. Other than that, i have 1 friend who uses too. That friend is currently overseas and my hooks number suddenly goes dead on me. Fuck fuck fuck fuck. Im already getting sick and i have no one to call. Fuck it, i have suboxone, ill just quit.  Withdrawals get worse and worse and worse, fuck this shit, i need to figure something out. So i search for roofing tar on CL and start texting people in my area "in need of roofing materials."  Now i have no criminal record and have a lot of responsibilities in my life, so i cant afford to get busted or get my ass whooped.  One dude replies. Asks me if im mobile. I reply and say that i am and that i would like to try before buying. He says okay and tells me to meet at a close by shopping center, like a 5 minute drive.   Theres a starbucks in the shopping center, i say lets meet inside there, hand me a piece, ill smoke it in the bathroom, and if its legit, ill give you the cash and we can execute the transaction. He says ok.  So the positive signs are that 1) public place, 2) i get to try it first, 3) guy is italian. My gut tells me it looks good.  I go to the starbucks and im standing outside. The dude is running a little late, bad sign. I call him, he says hes parked far and that hes walking to me. I thought that was kind of odd. I describe what im wearing. So im standing there and crossing my fingers.   Dude walks up, gives me the "are you him?" look/body language. I nod. Right off the bat, he looks really non threatening. Hes wearing shorts and a t shirt n slippers, so he cant possibly have a weapon. We walk to the back of the starbucks. He shoots me a piece from the bag hes about to sell me. I go in the bathroom. That piece makes me well. I have a little mini celebration in front of the bathroom mirror. You did it you fuckin junkie, good job. I exit the bathroom, swap cash for roofing material, and say thanks. Dude says to save his number n he says can get me virtually anything i need.  Good shit. So i got a new hook who so far has been very puntual. His shit is decent and the price okay, but he came thru when i was desperate. Crisis averted.  Stay safe out there you junkyards.
8yzizs,93,99,ADR,addict,suboxone,suboxone,Boyfriend [27M] of 2+ years is still using heroin while I’m [21F] trying to quit As a heroin addict, I completely understand the urge. I’ve told him that it’s very damaging for my recovery when he brings some into the house, because then my urges overpower me and I use too. I’m currently on suboxone but I admit I slip a lot (one day once a week or every two weeks?) and am planning to go to rehab soon. I don’t want to seem like I blame anyone or anything but myself, but the suboxone simply isn’t helping the mental cravings. I need serious help. I need rehab. I have difficulties admitting this to people in my life, but I do.  Anyhow.  I’ve also told my boyfriend that if he uses, I want him to use in front of me in case he ODs. He doesn’t have any friends who’d be cool with him doing heroin around them, plus I think he’s really ashamed or it. He’s OD’d twice and I had to revive him with Naloxone because he always overestimates his tolerance and does a lot. These two times he didn’t even tell me he was using. It scared the fuck out of me seeing him on the bathroom floor, not breathing. There’s no such thing as safe with heroin, but I can definitely say I am safer with my use than he is, despite knowing I’m mot invincible. I use test strips that test for fentanyl while he just says fuck it. I take tiny test shots, he just smokes a random amount. He is reckless and suffers from depression. He is getting help for his depression.  He’s not “as” addicted as me. He can go weeks without it and only started smoking it maybe a year ago or less. So, maybe he’s used 12-20 times in total. I’ve been a DAILY IV heroin addict for nearly 1.5 years, and have been “experimenting” with opiates for a year prior to trying heroin, but it was the IV heroin that destroyed me. Anyways, I have been on suboxone for 3 months, but I think I definitely have to go to rehab.  I’m afraid while I’m in rehab, my boyfriend will use and die. I’m afraid when I’m out of rehab, he’ll have heroin at the house. I have spoke to him about this, and he makes promises, but again, I understand how hard it is. The sad part is that he’s in denial (at least, outwardly) about his own addiction because he “barely uses” and isn’t physically dependent. But he still gets some when he has a bad day, even if that’s not frequently. And that upsets me, and I end up using with him out of frustration and disappointment.  Aside from his drug addiction, he is an incredible person. I have never met someone like him, I feel as though we belong together. I have never experienced genuine love and care before him, and neither has he. I could go on and on about his wonderful qualities. We met each other many months before I spiralled into my heroin addiction, and he started using soon after me (and I feel so fucking bad about that)!   I know my recovery should come first, but I’m so so in love with him and I care for him so much, I would do absolutely anything for him. I don’t want him to die from this shit, and if I can’t help him admit his problem, at least I can be there so he doesn’t OD. But when I’m there and he’s using, I’ll end up using too. I wish I could refrain myself from doing so, but any opiate addict understands that urge.  I am so so torn. I do not want to leave him, both because our relationship is NOT all about heroin, we both love running and we work out together, we think similarly and are interested in physics and read the same books and I just can’t imagine my life without him and neither can he. But I also want to get off heroin. Please, anyone, any advice other than “leave him” because I am soo so not ready for that and it would crush me.  TL;DR: I’m trying to get clean but my boyfriend still uses. He’s in denial. I don’t want to break up with him because he’s a wonderful person and I see a future with him if we both get clean. I’m afraid he’ll overdose and die if I go to rehab, I’m always there with him when he’s using.
8yzizs,512,527,ADR,mental cravings,suboxone,suboxone,Boyfriend [27M] of 2+ years is still using heroin while I’m [21F] trying to quit As a heroin addict, I completely understand the urge. I’ve told him that it’s very damaging for my recovery when he brings some into the house, because then my urges overpower me and I use too. I’m currently on suboxone but I admit I slip a lot (one day once a week or every two weeks?) and am planning to go to rehab soon. I don’t want to seem like I blame anyone or anything but myself, but the suboxone simply isn’t helping the mental cravings. I need serious help. I need rehab. I have difficulties admitting this to people in my life, but I do.  Anyhow.  I’ve also told my boyfriend that if he uses, I want him to use in front of me in case he ODs. He doesn’t have any friends who’d be cool with him doing heroin around them, plus I think he’s really ashamed or it. He’s OD’d twice and I had to revive him with Naloxone because he always overestimates his tolerance and does a lot. These two times he didn’t even tell me he was using. It scared the fuck out of me seeing him on the bathroom floor, not breathing. There’s no such thing as safe with heroin, but I can definitely say I am safer with my use than he is, despite knowing I’m mot invincible. I use test strips that test for fentanyl while he just says fuck it. I take tiny test shots, he just smokes a random amount. He is reckless and suffers from depression. He is getting help for his depression.  He’s not “as” addicted as me. He can go weeks without it and only started smoking it maybe a year ago or less. So, maybe he’s used 12-20 times in total. I’ve been a DAILY IV heroin addict for nearly 1.5 years, and have been “experimenting” with opiates for a year prior to trying heroin, but it was the IV heroin that destroyed me. Anyways, I have been on suboxone for 3 months, but I think I definitely have to go to rehab.  I’m afraid while I’m in rehab, my boyfriend will use and die. I’m afraid when I’m out of rehab, he’ll have heroin at the house. I have spoke to him about this, and he makes promises, but again, I understand how hard it is. The sad part is that he’s in denial (at least, outwardly) about his own addiction because he “barely uses” and isn’t physically dependent. But he still gets some when he has a bad day, even if that’s not frequently. And that upsets me, and I end up using with him out of frustration and disappointment.  Aside from his drug addiction, he is an incredible person. I have never met someone like him, I feel as though we belong together. I have never experienced genuine love and care before him, and neither has he. I could go on and on about his wonderful qualities. We met each other many months before I spiralled into my heroin addiction, and he started using soon after me (and I feel so fucking bad about that)!   I know my recovery should come first, but I’m so so in love with him and I care for him so much, I would do absolutely anything for him. I don’t want him to die from this shit, and if I can’t help him admit his problem, at least I can be there so he doesn’t OD. But when I’m there and he’s using, I’ll end up using too. I wish I could refrain myself from doing so, but any opiate addict understands that urge.  I am so so torn. I do not want to leave him, both because our relationship is NOT all about heroin, we both love running and we work out together, we think similarly and are interested in physics and read the same books and I just can’t imagine my life without him and neither can he. But I also want to get off heroin. Please, anyone, any advice other than “leave him” because I am soo so not ready for that and it would crush me.  TL;DR: I’m trying to get clean but my boyfriend still uses. He’s in denial. I don’t want to break up with him because he’s a wonderful person and I see a future with him if we both get clean. I’m afraid he’ll overdose and die if I go to rehab, I’m always there with him when he’s using.
8yzizs,942,951,ADR,tolerance,suboxone,suboxone,Boyfriend [27M] of 2+ years is still using heroin while I’m [21F] trying to quit As a heroin addict, I completely understand the urge. I’ve told him that it’s very damaging for my recovery when he brings some into the house, because then my urges overpower me and I use too. I’m currently on suboxone but I admit I slip a lot (one day once a week or every two weeks?) and am planning to go to rehab soon. I don’t want to seem like I blame anyone or anything but myself, but the suboxone simply isn’t helping the mental cravings. I need serious help. I need rehab. I have difficulties admitting this to people in my life, but I do.  Anyhow.  I’ve also told my boyfriend that if he uses, I want him to use in front of me in case he ODs. He doesn’t have any friends who’d be cool with him doing heroin around them, plus I think he’s really ashamed or it. He’s OD’d twice and I had to revive him with Naloxone because he always overestimates his tolerance and does a lot. These two times he didn’t even tell me he was using. It scared the fuck out of me seeing him on the bathroom floor, not breathing. There’s no such thing as safe with heroin, but I can definitely say I am safer with my use than he is, despite knowing I’m mot invincible. I use test strips that test for fentanyl while he just says fuck it. I take tiny test shots, he just smokes a random amount. He is reckless and suffers from depression. He is getting help for his depression.  He’s not “as” addicted as me. He can go weeks without it and only started smoking it maybe a year ago or less. So, maybe he’s used 12-20 times in total. I’ve been a DAILY IV heroin addict for nearly 1.5 years, and have been “experimenting” with opiates for a year prior to trying heroin, but it was the IV heroin that destroyed me. Anyways, I have been on suboxone for 3 months, but I think I definitely have to go to rehab.  I’m afraid while I’m in rehab, my boyfriend will use and die. I’m afraid when I’m out of rehab, he’ll have heroin at the house. I have spoke to him about this, and he makes promises, but again, I understand how hard it is. The sad part is that he’s in denial (at least, outwardly) about his own addiction because he “barely uses” and isn’t physically dependent. But he still gets some when he has a bad day, even if that’s not frequently. And that upsets me, and I end up using with him out of frustration and disappointment.  Aside from his drug addiction, he is an incredible person. I have never met someone like him, I feel as though we belong together. I have never experienced genuine love and care before him, and neither has he. I could go on and on about his wonderful qualities. We met each other many months before I spiralled into my heroin addiction, and he started using soon after me (and I feel so fucking bad about that)!   I know my recovery should come first, but I’m so so in love with him and I care for him so much, I would do absolutely anything for him. I don’t want him to die from this shit, and if I can’t help him admit his problem, at least I can be there so he doesn’t OD. But when I’m there and he’s using, I’ll end up using too. I wish I could refrain myself from doing so, but any opiate addict understands that urge.  I am so so torn. I do not want to leave him, both because our relationship is NOT all about heroin, we both love running and we work out together, we think similarly and are interested in physics and read the same books and I just can’t imagine my life without him and neither can he. But I also want to get off heroin. Please, anyone, any advice other than “leave him” because I am soo so not ready for that and it would crush me.  TL;DR: I’m trying to get clean but my boyfriend still uses. He’s in denial. I don’t want to break up with him because he’s a wonderful person and I see a future with him if we both get clean. I’m afraid he’ll overdose and die if I go to rehab, I’m always there with him when he’s using.
8yzizs,1395,1405,ADR,depression,suboxone,suboxone,Boyfriend [27M] of 2+ years is still using heroin while I’m [21F] trying to quit As a heroin addict, I completely understand the urge. I’ve told him that it’s very damaging for my recovery when he brings some into the house, because then my urges overpower me and I use too. I’m currently on suboxone but I admit I slip a lot (one day once a week or every two weeks?) and am planning to go to rehab soon. I don’t want to seem like I blame anyone or anything but myself, but the suboxone simply isn’t helping the mental cravings. I need serious help. I need rehab. I have difficulties admitting this to people in my life, but I do.  Anyhow.  I’ve also told my boyfriend that if he uses, I want him to use in front of me in case he ODs. He doesn’t have any friends who’d be cool with him doing heroin around them, plus I think he’s really ashamed or it. He’s OD’d twice and I had to revive him with Naloxone because he always overestimates his tolerance and does a lot. These two times he didn’t even tell me he was using. It scared the fuck out of me seeing him on the bathroom floor, not breathing. There’s no such thing as safe with heroin, but I can definitely say I am safer with my use than he is, despite knowing I’m mot invincible. I use test strips that test for fentanyl while he just says fuck it. I take tiny test shots, he just smokes a random amount. He is reckless and suffers from depression. He is getting help for his depression.  He’s not “as” addicted as me. He can go weeks without it and only started smoking it maybe a year ago or less. So, maybe he’s used 12-20 times in total. I’ve been a DAILY IV heroin addict for nearly 1.5 years, and have been “experimenting” with opiates for a year prior to trying heroin, but it was the IV heroin that destroyed me. Anyways, I have been on suboxone for 3 months, but I think I definitely have to go to rehab.  I’m afraid while I’m in rehab, my boyfriend will use and die. I’m afraid when I’m out of rehab, he’ll have heroin at the house. I have spoke to him about this, and he makes promises, but again, I understand how hard it is. The sad part is that he’s in denial (at least, outwardly) about his own addiction because he “barely uses” and isn’t physically dependent. But he still gets some when he has a bad day, even if that’s not frequently. And that upsets me, and I end up using with him out of frustration and disappointment.  Aside from his drug addiction, he is an incredible person. I have never met someone like him, I feel as though we belong together. I have never experienced genuine love and care before him, and neither has he. I could go on and on about his wonderful qualities. We met each other many months before I spiralled into my heroin addiction, and he started using soon after me (and I feel so fucking bad about that)!   I know my recovery should come first, but I’m so so in love with him and I care for him so much, I would do absolutely anything for him. I don’t want him to die from this shit, and if I can’t help him admit his problem, at least I can be there so he doesn’t OD. But when I’m there and he’s using, I’ll end up using too. I wish I could refrain myself from doing so, but any opiate addict understands that urge.  I am so so torn. I do not want to leave him, both because our relationship is NOT all about heroin, we both love running and we work out together, we think similarly and are interested in physics and read the same books and I just can’t imagine my life without him and neither can he. But I also want to get off heroin. Please, anyone, any advice other than “leave him” because I am soo so not ready for that and it would crush me.  TL;DR: I’m trying to get clean but my boyfriend still uses. He’s in denial. I don’t want to break up with him because he’s a wonderful person and I see a future with him if we both get clean. I’m afraid he’ll overdose and die if I go to rehab, I’m always there with him when he’s using.
8yzizs,3867,3875,ADR,overdose,suboxone,suboxone,Boyfriend [27M] of 2+ years is still using heroin while I’m [21F] trying to quit As a heroin addict, I completely understand the urge. I’ve told him that it’s very damaging for my recovery when he brings some into the house, because then my urges overpower me and I use too. I’m currently on suboxone but I admit I slip a lot (one day once a week or every two weeks?) and am planning to go to rehab soon. I don’t want to seem like I blame anyone or anything but myself, but the suboxone simply isn’t helping the mental cravings. I need serious help. I need rehab. I have difficulties admitting this to people in my life, but I do.  Anyhow.  I’ve also told my boyfriend that if he uses, I want him to use in front of me in case he ODs. He doesn’t have any friends who’d be cool with him doing heroin around them, plus I think he’s really ashamed or it. He’s OD’d twice and I had to revive him with Naloxone because he always overestimates his tolerance and does a lot. These two times he didn’t even tell me he was using. It scared the fuck out of me seeing him on the bathroom floor, not breathing. There’s no such thing as safe with heroin, but I can definitely say I am safer with my use than he is, despite knowing I’m mot invincible. I use test strips that test for fentanyl while he just says fuck it. I take tiny test shots, he just smokes a random amount. He is reckless and suffers from depression. He is getting help for his depression.  He’s not “as” addicted as me. He can go weeks without it and only started smoking it maybe a year ago or less. So, maybe he’s used 12-20 times in total. I’ve been a DAILY IV heroin addict for nearly 1.5 years, and have been “experimenting” with opiates for a year prior to trying heroin, but it was the IV heroin that destroyed me. Anyways, I have been on suboxone for 3 months, but I think I definitely have to go to rehab.  I’m afraid while I’m in rehab, my boyfriend will use and die. I’m afraid when I’m out of rehab, he’ll have heroin at the house. I have spoke to him about this, and he makes promises, but again, I understand how hard it is. The sad part is that he’s in denial (at least, outwardly) about his own addiction because he “barely uses” and isn’t physically dependent. But he still gets some when he has a bad day, even if that’s not frequently. And that upsets me, and I end up using with him out of frustration and disappointment.  Aside from his drug addiction, he is an incredible person. I have never met someone like him, I feel as though we belong together. I have never experienced genuine love and care before him, and neither has he. I could go on and on about his wonderful qualities. We met each other many months before I spiralled into my heroin addiction, and he started using soon after me (and I feel so fucking bad about that)!   I know my recovery should come first, but I’m so so in love with him and I care for him so much, I would do absolutely anything for him. I don’t want him to die from this shit, and if I can’t help him admit his problem, at least I can be there so he doesn’t OD. But when I’m there and he’s using, I’ll end up using too. I wish I could refrain myself from doing so, but any opiate addict understands that urge.  I am so so torn. I do not want to leave him, both because our relationship is NOT all about heroin, we both love running and we work out together, we think similarly and are interested in physics and read the same books and I just can’t imagine my life without him and neither can he. But I also want to get off heroin. Please, anyone, any advice other than “leave him” because I am soo so not ready for that and it would crush me.  TL;DR: I’m trying to get clean but my boyfriend still uses. He’s in denial. I don’t want to break up with him because he’s a wonderful person and I see a future with him if we both get clean. I’m afraid he’ll overdose and die if I go to rehab, I’m always there with him when he’s using.
8yyqyb,1193,1203,ADR,withdrawal,suboxone,suboxone,Well that was unexpected... Today I got out of the house with two friends while my husband and toddler stayed home. Huge deal never happens I always have one of them with me minimum. Anyway, my friends happen to mention a friend of theirs I met at a party is really into my husband. It had previously been discussed in a haha kinda way but not like it was them playing middle man. That shifted today! In a moment of BPD fueled reaction I told my husband it's cool if he wants to sleep with men as long as ground rules were established. Fast forward a few hours later and the reality of what I agreed to has hit and I have no idea if I'm actually going to feel as okay with it if someone were to inquire. Yikes. I feel kinda foolish freaking out, we've been together almost 9 years, married just shy of a year and survived things most people just couldn't. As long as he doesn't consider stepping out of the rules I'm pretty sure it'll be fine but anxiety and BPD doesn't leave room to just wait without some over analysing! Fingers crossed!   In-between my long time, extremely complicated friend, dropped by. We shall name him Cobain. Cobain is a recovering addict in the middle of methadone withdrawal. I have serious concerns about weather or not he'll be able to stay sober once he's no longer on something like methadone or Suboxone for a bit. Cobain and I have a series of really screwed up stories. Ohh my first apartment!! 4 years ago today he completely disappeared without a word because he was completely spineless to his then gf. Sometimes I still harbor serious rage about it. I was there for him in any and every way I ever could have been to a completely unhealthy level of loyalty and to just go. Not even a word. That's something else, next level cold. And now I spend half my time wondering if it'll be over dose or suicide. Unfortunately I have always known barring a freak accident I'm going to loose Cobain to the grave long before I'm ready.   Tomorrow I'm supposed to be seeing Jonny while his on again off again gf/bm is at work. (Keep in mind a PFA is in place and there living together 🤦) I will see how that goes and write tomorrow. Wish me luck lol.
8yyqyb,1834,1841,ADR,suicide,suboxone,suboxone,Well that was unexpected... Today I got out of the house with two friends while my husband and toddler stayed home. Huge deal never happens I always have one of them with me minimum. Anyway, my friends happen to mention a friend of theirs I met at a party is really into my husband. It had previously been discussed in a haha kinda way but not like it was them playing middle man. That shifted today! In a moment of BPD fueled reaction I told my husband it's cool if he wants to sleep with men as long as ground rules were established. Fast forward a few hours later and the reality of what I agreed to has hit and I have no idea if I'm actually going to feel as okay with it if someone were to inquire. Yikes. I feel kinda foolish freaking out, we've been together almost 9 years, married just shy of a year and survived things most people just couldn't. As long as he doesn't consider stepping out of the rules I'm pretty sure it'll be fine but anxiety and BPD doesn't leave room to just wait without some over analysing! Fingers crossed!   In-between my long time, extremely complicated friend, dropped by. We shall name him Cobain. Cobain is a recovering addict in the middle of methadone withdrawal. I have serious concerns about weather or not he'll be able to stay sober once he's no longer on something like methadone or Suboxone for a bit. Cobain and I have a series of really screwed up stories. Ohh my first apartment!! 4 years ago today he completely disappeared without a word because he was completely spineless to his then gf. Sometimes I still harbor serious rage about it. I was there for him in any and every way I ever could have been to a completely unhealthy level of loyalty and to just go. Not even a word. That's something else, next level cold. And now I spend half my time wondering if it'll be over dose or suicide. Unfortunately I have always known barring a freak accident I'm going to loose Cobain to the grave long before I'm ready.   Tomorrow I'm supposed to be seeing Jonny while his on again off again gf/bm is at work. (Keep in mind a PFA is in place and there living together 🤦) I will see how that goes and write tomorrow. Wish me luck lol.
8ywg0m,4,14,ADR,withdrawal,suboxone,suboxone,Sub withdrawal for real I had been kind of half-assing my attempt to come off the subs for a couple weeks now. My original start date was July 5th so I'm about a week behind. I decided to make my taper a bit longer to minimize the discomfort at the advice of people on this sub. But today is day 1 and I'm feeling ok so far. For me being on the fence is the hardest part (Should I keep tapering? Should I try kratom again?). I'm ready to stop dreading it and just get it over with. I'm just really scarred from my experience last time, when I had much less knowledge about suboxone withdrawal. But I tapered down to  .5mg and have been on 2-4mg a day off and on for about 2.5 months now. I have gabapentin so hopefully that'll help. I think it'll also help to keep busy. I realized how much I've been completely obsessing about it which just makes it all worse. Just gonna try to stay busy this week. I'm ready to get this over with! For real this time. I told myself I'd only be on it for a few weeks and here I am. I don't want to let it go on any longer.
8yw7hc,623,633,ADR,withdrawal,suboxone,suboxone,Cold turkeying off subs, is this even possible? How long does it take? I’m on 6mg/day and I really want to get off suboxone. I really want to stop using all opiates forever.   I can try and ask my doctor to fast-taper me down to 2mg, but I feel like he’ll just tell me to stay on suboxone. I’m scared of tapering myself as I’m working rn and can’t take much time off and don’t want any severe symptoms.  I finish work in October. I want to cold turkey, whether it be off 2mg or 6mg. Should I go to a detox facility or should I do this at home with a fuck ton of ativan, seroquel, trazodone, lope, and kratom? When does the withdrawal peak and when will I be relatively back to normal?
8yvwb3,0,9,ADR,Tolerance,suboxone,suboxone,Tolerance and Detox Question I am curious to know what y’all would do if you needed to detox your body strictly for tolerance reasons?  NOT because of a drug test.  I have some suboxone but have taken it for recreational effects for the past two days straight.  By no means do I have the tolerance I used to have since I’ve been mostly clean for a few years.  I’m sure you’ve seen my posts referring to my clean period and feel I’ve beaten it to death and I know I’m tired of saying it so your tired of hearing it.  I’d like to take more suboxone tonight but I know if I did it would be a waste cause I wouldn’t feel it.   What is your method for cleaning out your bloodstream to bring your tolerance lower?   Stop using for a time?  Drink a ton of water for a few days?  Excercise?   All fruit smoothie diet?  Coffee enema?  Haha.    What have you found that works best.
8yrfja,91,102,ADR,withdrawals,suboxone,suboxone,Post Acute Symptoms Today is day 17 off of Suboxone after taking it for 10 long years. The withdrawals seem to be getting better but now I've got this constant anxiety and tightness in my chest. Also have	a headache, the left side of my face is numb, and there's my body feels like it's rocking back &amp; forth and I get dizzy. It's been a super long time since I've gotten off opiates completely, but I don't remember these symptoms except a little anxiety and depression (which I don't really have). I was taking kratom but have cut that almost completely out. I'm also tapering off Valium but sitting on a stable dose for now. It's this just normal and par for the course? It really falls like something is wrong when the anxiety and cheesy tightness is non stop.
8yrfja,160,167,ADR,anxiety,suboxone,suboxone,Post Acute Symptoms Today is day 17 off of Suboxone after taking it for 10 long years. The withdrawals seem to be getting better but now I've got this constant anxiety and tightness in my chest. Also have	a headache, the left side of my face is numb, and there's my body feels like it's rocking back &amp; forth and I get dizzy. It's been a super long time since I've gotten off opiates completely, but I don't remember these symptoms except a little anxiety and depression (which I don't really have). I was taking kratom but have cut that almost completely out. I'm also tapering off Valium but sitting on a stable dose for now. It's this just normal and par for the course? It really falls like something is wrong when the anxiety and cheesy tightness is non stop.
8yrfja,172,276,ADR,tightness in my chest. Also have	a headache, the left side of my face is numb, and there's my body feels,suboxone,suboxone,Post Acute Symptoms Today is day 17 off of Suboxone after taking it for 10 long years. The withdrawals seem to be getting better but now I've got this constant anxiety and tightness in my chest. Also have	a headache, the left side of my face is numb, and there's my body feels like it's rocking back &amp; forth and I get dizzy. It's been a super long time since I've gotten off opiates completely, but I don't remember these symptoms except a little anxiety and depression (which I don't really have). I was taking kratom but have cut that almost completely out. I'm also tapering off Valium but sitting on a stable dose for now. It's this just normal and par for the course? It really falls like something is wrong when the anxiety and cheesy tightness is non stop.
8yrfja,207,215,ADR,headache,suboxone,suboxone,Post Acute Symptoms Today is day 17 off of Suboxone after taking it for 10 long years. The withdrawals seem to be getting better but now I've got this constant anxiety and tightness in my chest. Also have	a headache, the left side of my face is numb, and there's my body feels like it's rocking back &amp; forth and I get dizzy. It's been a super long time since I've gotten off opiates completely, but I don't remember these symptoms except a little anxiety and depression (which I don't really have). I was taking kratom but have cut that almost completely out. I'm also tapering off Valium but sitting on a stable dose for now. It's this just normal and par for the course? It really falls like something is wrong when the anxiety and cheesy tightness is non stop.
8yrfja,245,249,ADR,numb,suboxone,suboxone,Post Acute Symptoms Today is day 17 off of Suboxone after taking it for 10 long years. The withdrawals seem to be getting better but now I've got this constant anxiety and tightness in my chest. Also have	a headache, the left side of my face is numb, and there's my body feels like it's rocking back &amp; forth and I get dizzy. It's been a super long time since I've gotten off opiates completely, but I don't remember these symptoms except a little anxiety and depression (which I don't really have). I was taking kratom but have cut that almost completely out. I'm also tapering off Valium but sitting on a stable dose for now. It's this just normal and par for the course? It really falls like something is wrong when the anxiety and cheesy tightness is non stop.
8yrfja,463,473,ADR,depression,suboxone,suboxone,Post Acute Symptoms Today is day 17 off of Suboxone after taking it for 10 long years. The withdrawals seem to be getting better but now I've got this constant anxiety and tightness in my chest. Also have	a headache, the left side of my face is numb, and there's my body feels like it's rocking back &amp; forth and I get dizzy. It's been a super long time since I've gotten off opiates completely, but I don't remember these symptoms except a little anxiety and depression (which I don't really have). I was taking kratom but have cut that almost completely out. I'm also tapering off Valium but sitting on a stable dose for now. It's this just normal and par for the course? It really falls like something is wrong when the anxiety and cheesy tightness is non stop.
8ylwyu,119,125,ADR,addict,suboxone,suboxone,My husband, former IV heroin user wants to use painkillers recreationally I need advice.   My husband was an IV heroin addicts for years (maybe 7? I’m not sure) he was on suboxone when we got together and he was on it for a total of 3 years.   He got off the suboxone 16 months ago.  Since then he has talked about wanting to do opiates (Percocet, Vicodin, hydrocone etc). His friend offered him some today and he is planning on picking them up today after work.   The only reason I know this is because I was working on the computer when the messages popped up from his Facebook account.   Every other time I have pleaded and begged him not to because I am so worried about him relapsing and ruining our lives. He has been to prison as a by product of his addiction and went to rehab something like 8 times.  I cannot imagine him being in the throes of addiction because I cannot imagine him hurting the people that he loves. I love my husband so much. There is so much about addiction I do not understand.   I have done lots of reading and research.   In my opinion, he should not use opiates recreationally because it has the potential to be catastrophic for us. I would never put our family in the position to hurt us and I can’t understand why he is willing to take that risk.    I think he need to put US First and not his wants and needs.   He says it will be fine because he is different now, and he isn’t as weak as I think he is.   I think he shouldn’t be putting his recovery in jeopardy. He insists that he just wants to feel good. I insist that he needs different and better coping mechanisms.  I would go to the literal ends of the earth for my husband. Everything I do in life I do for us to have a better future.   He says he hates that I won’t let him be himself by using opiates recreationally. I know his addiction is something that will have to be managed forever and I knew that coming into this marriage.   He is acting so flippant about using again because “it will only be once in a while”. How can I get him to see that is is wrong and that he could ruin our relationship?  Does anyone have any advice for dealing with a spouse going through this?? It’s like I can’t reason with him and he thinks that he’s just cured of his addiction now so he can do it again. That because he’s had a steady life since we’ve been together that he’s better now. All those things have only happened because of his sobriety. How can I help him???   I’m so scared.   I’m sorry if you think I am being dramatic but this is a big deal to me.
8ygljv,577,586,ADR,depressed,kratom,kratom,Day 5- quitting with suboxone Well, I'm here, 5 full days without kratom. Things got rough since my last post. Tuesday night I couldn't fall asleep, I was restless and very uncomfortable. I took 2 melatonin pills and that didn't work, 3 ish hours after that melatonin I  gave up and took 0.5 mg of xanax and that did the trick. On Wednesday I tried tapering down to ~0.25-0.35 mg of suboxone (those pieces get so small that it's hard to cut them equally) and I was still sick so I ended up taking 0.5 mg total on that day. After redose I was "fine" physically but I got really depressed, that was actually the first time that I felt mentally bad and depressed since I stopped taking kratom. That depressed state made me crave any type of high, alcohol, kratom, weed whatever but I knew that it will only make it worse in the long run so I spent the entire afternoon at the shooting range, shooting is one of my favorite things to do and it helped, I got through the day without getting high or going back to kratom. Night was rough too but melatonin+tiredness made me fall asleep.  Today was a good day, I took ~0.25 mg subs and I felt good so I'm planing on not taking anymore subs tomorrow, we'll se how it goes but today was day 6 of me taking suboxone so I gotta stop taking them. I have tramadol, loperamide, phenibut and kava-kava and I still haven't decided what to use to get the edge off tomorrow.   After tomorrow I have the weekend off so I can be sick during those two days, wish me luck,I feel like I'm almost there (with the acutes, PAWS will probably keep me for weeks...)
8ygljv,155,163,ADR,restless,kratom,kratom,Day 5- quitting with suboxone Well, I'm here, 5 full days without kratom. Things got rough since my last post. Tuesday night I couldn't fall asleep, I was restless and very uncomfortable. I took 2 melatonin pills and that didn't work, 3 ish hours after that melatonin I  gave up and took 0.5 mg of xanax and that did the trick. On Wednesday I tried tapering down to ~0.25-0.35 mg of suboxone (those pieces get so small that it's hard to cut them equally) and I was still sick so I ended up taking 0.5 mg total on that day. After redose I was "fine" physically but I got really depressed, that was actually the first time that I felt mentally bad and depressed since I stopped taking kratom. That depressed state made me crave any type of high, alcohol, kratom, weed whatever but I knew that it will only make it worse in the long run so I spent the entire afternoon at the shooting range, shooting is one of my favorite things to do and it helped, I got through the day without getting high or going back to kratom. Night was rough too but melatonin+tiredness made me fall asleep.  Today was a good day, I took ~0.25 mg subs and I felt good so I'm planing on not taking anymore subs tomorrow, we'll se how it goes but today was day 6 of me taking suboxone so I gotta stop taking them. I have tramadol, loperamide, phenibut and kava-kava and I still haven't decided what to use to get the edge off tomorrow.   After tomorrow I have the weekend off so I can be sick during those two days, wish me luck,I feel like I'm almost there (with the acutes, PAWS will probably keep me for weeks...)
8ygljv,173,186,ADR,uncomfortable,kratom,kratom,Day 5- quitting with suboxone Well, I'm here, 5 full days without kratom. Things got rough since my last post. Tuesday night I couldn't fall asleep, I was restless and very uncomfortable. I took 2 melatonin pills and that didn't work, 3 ish hours after that melatonin I  gave up and took 0.5 mg of xanax and that did the trick. On Wednesday I tried tapering down to ~0.25-0.35 mg of suboxone (those pieces get so small that it's hard to cut them equally) and I was still sick so I ended up taking 0.5 mg total on that day. After redose I was "fine" physically but I got really depressed, that was actually the first time that I felt mentally bad and depressed since I stopped taking kratom. That depressed state made me crave any type of high, alcohol, kratom, weed whatever but I knew that it will only make it worse in the long run so I spent the entire afternoon at the shooting range, shooting is one of my favorite things to do and it helped, I got through the day without getting high or going back to kratom. Night was rough too but melatonin+tiredness made me fall asleep.  Today was a good day, I took ~0.25 mg subs and I felt good so I'm planing on not taking anymore subs tomorrow, we'll se how it goes but today was day 6 of me taking suboxone so I gotta stop taking them. I have tramadol, loperamide, phenibut and kava-kava and I still haven't decided what to use to get the edge off tomorrow.   After tomorrow I have the weekend off so I can be sick during those two days, wish me luck,I feel like I'm almost there (with the acutes, PAWS will probably keep me for weeks...)
8ygljv,633,645,ADR,mentally bad,kratom,kratom,Day 5- quitting with suboxone Well, I'm here, 5 full days without kratom. Things got rough since my last post. Tuesday night I couldn't fall asleep, I was restless and very uncomfortable. I took 2 melatonin pills and that didn't work, 3 ish hours after that melatonin I  gave up and took 0.5 mg of xanax and that did the trick. On Wednesday I tried tapering down to ~0.25-0.35 mg of suboxone (those pieces get so small that it's hard to cut them equally) and I was still sick so I ended up taking 0.5 mg total on that day. After redose I was "fine" physically but I got really depressed, that was actually the first time that I felt mentally bad and depressed since I stopped taking kratom. That depressed state made me crave any type of high, alcohol, kratom, weed whatever but I knew that it will only make it worse in the long run so I spent the entire afternoon at the shooting range, shooting is one of my favorite things to do and it helped, I got through the day without getting high or going back to kratom. Night was rough too but melatonin+tiredness made me fall asleep.  Today was a good day, I took ~0.25 mg subs and I felt good so I'm planing on not taking anymore subs tomorrow, we'll se how it goes but today was day 6 of me taking suboxone so I gotta stop taking them. I have tramadol, loperamide, phenibut and kava-kava and I still haven't decided what to use to get the edge off tomorrow.   After tomorrow I have the weekend off so I can be sick during those two days, wish me luck,I feel like I'm almost there (with the acutes, PAWS will probably keep me for weeks...)
8ye3p0,1148,1160,ADR,interactions,suboxone,suboxone,Can I trip dxm when taking suboxone daily 20mg. A little background info- I have been using DXM for 15 years now on and off but pretty heavy at times (1200mg to 1800mg) couple times a week etc. I have not done it in a couple years at least not anything 3rd or above but I have tried pretty much every kind out there mostly just prefer the pure stuff have been lucky to have been able to find multiple sources over the years Alibaba being the most recent. Any way my question is can any one tell me from 1st hand experience if they know anything about using dxm if u take suboxone daily? I really want to trip again and try out this new coughmax stuff I've been seeing about so I ordered some but I can't find any real info on this and have been pondering it for a couple years now. I dont want to risk anything significant health wise as I want to take 1200mg plus or else it's not really worth it for me even after years of stopping it never really changed my tolerance at this point so please dont advise against a high dose after such a long period without using I am very well aware of how I react to dxm I just want to know about the suboxone interactions. I would ofcourse not take any suboxone the day I dose. Please let me know if anyone can help. SUBOXONE=BUPRENORPHINE AND NALOXONE FOR OPIATE WITHDRAWAL MANAGEMENT.  Thanks.
8ye3p0,961,970,ADR,tolerance,suboxone,suboxone,Can I trip dxm when taking suboxone daily 20mg. A little background info- I have been using DXM for 15 years now on and off but pretty heavy at times (1200mg to 1800mg) couple times a week etc. I have not done it in a couple years at least not anything 3rd or above but I have tried pretty much every kind out there mostly just prefer the pure stuff have been lucky to have been able to find multiple sources over the years Alibaba being the most recent. Any way my question is can any one tell me from 1st hand experience if they know anything about using dxm if u take suboxone daily? I really want to trip again and try out this new coughmax stuff I've been seeing about so I ordered some but I can't find any real info on this and have been pondering it for a couple years now. I dont want to risk anything significant health wise as I want to take 1200mg plus or else it's not really worth it for me even after years of stopping it never really changed my tolerance at this point so please dont advise against a high dose after such a long period without using I am very well aware of how I react to dxm I just want to know about the suboxone interactions. I would ofcourse not take any suboxone the day I dose. Please let me know if anyone can help. SUBOXONE=BUPRENORPHINE AND NALOXONE FOR OPIATE WITHDRAWAL MANAGEMENT.  Thanks.
8ye3p0,1303,1312,ADR,WITHDRAWA,suboxone,suboxone,Can I trip dxm when taking suboxone daily 20mg. A little background info- I have been using DXM for 15 years now on and off but pretty heavy at times (1200mg to 1800mg) couple times a week etc. I have not done it in a couple years at least not anything 3rd or above but I have tried pretty much every kind out there mostly just prefer the pure stuff have been lucky to have been able to find multiple sources over the years Alibaba being the most recent. Any way my question is can any one tell me from 1st hand experience if they know anything about using dxm if u take suboxone daily? I really want to trip again and try out this new coughmax stuff I've been seeing about so I ordered some but I can't find any real info on this and have been pondering it for a couple years now. I dont want to risk anything significant health wise as I want to take 1200mg plus or else it's not really worth it for me even after years of stopping it never really changed my tolerance at this point so please dont advise against a high dose after such a long period without using I am very well aware of how I react to dxm I just want to know about the suboxone interactions. I would ofcourse not take any suboxone the day I dose. Please let me know if anyone can help. SUBOXONE=BUPRENORPHINE AND NALOXONE FOR OPIATE WITHDRAWAL MANAGEMENT.  Thanks.
8ycn9o,371,380,ADR,addiction,heroin,heroin,Heroin Addiction treatment Plano, Suboxone Treatment Dallas [https://www.evernote.com/shard/s343/sh/07ebb0de-125f-422e-afeb-9237186dac1b/fecfc1002da5a3ee88f10ffa4faa996a](https://www.evernote.com/shard/s343/sh/07ebb0de-125f-422e-afeb-9237186dac1b/fecfc1002da5a3ee88f10ffa4faa996a)   By taking up their treatment process correctly, it is probable to gain control over the addiction without the dread of withdrawal symptoms or temptations to deterioration due to cravings. **Suboxone Treatment Dallas** makes the addicted person enjoy a lot of confidentially and privacy before it is offered discreetly by the doctor.
8ycn9o,402,412,ADR,withdrawal,heroin,heroin,Heroin Addiction treatment Plano, Suboxone Treatment Dallas [https://www.evernote.com/shard/s343/sh/07ebb0de-125f-422e-afeb-9237186dac1b/fecfc1002da5a3ee88f10ffa4faa996a](https://www.evernote.com/shard/s343/sh/07ebb0de-125f-422e-afeb-9237186dac1b/fecfc1002da5a3ee88f10ffa4faa996a)   By taking up their treatment process correctly, it is probable to gain control over the addiction without the dread of withdrawal symptoms or temptations to deterioration due to cravings. **Suboxone Treatment Dallas** makes the addicted person enjoy a lot of confidentially and privacy before it is offered discreetly by the doctor.
8ycn9o,461,469,ADR,cravings,heroin,heroin,Heroin Addiction treatment Plano, Suboxone Treatment Dallas [https://www.evernote.com/shard/s343/sh/07ebb0de-125f-422e-afeb-9237186dac1b/fecfc1002da5a3ee88f10ffa4faa996a](https://www.evernote.com/shard/s343/sh/07ebb0de-125f-422e-afeb-9237186dac1b/fecfc1002da5a3ee88f10ffa4faa996a)   By taking up their treatment process correctly, it is probable to gain control over the addiction without the dread of withdrawal symptoms or temptations to deterioration due to cravings. **Suboxone Treatment Dallas** makes the addicted person enjoy a lot of confidentially and privacy before it is offered discreetly by the doctor.
8y6yac,1684,1693,ADR,addictive,suboxone,suboxone,Boxin?      This happened a couple years ago during my second year of college. Back then, I was going to a small community college and several of my friends went there as well. On our days that we had the same schedule, we would often grab food at some of the fast food places up the street, and on this day, we had chosen Wendy’s.      The place was relatively empty, but me and my two friends ordered and then sat down at a booth near some windows. We got our food and were about halfway through our meal when this shady man passed by us. He looked to be about in his late 20’s with a sweater on and super greasy black hair with a mustache.      The man passed by once, and then looked out one of the windows before turning to pass by our booth again. On his second pass, he stopped and turned to my friend Cameron, who was sitting directly across from me. He put his hand on Cameron’s shoulder and leaned down really close, very quickly so that none of us really had time to react. He asked Cameron in a hushed voice,       “Hey man, do you know where I can get any boxin?” None of us knew what he meant, and Cameron, visibly confused just stuttered out a “what?” and the man repeated “boxin. You know any man?”       At this point, Cameron thought that the man was meaning to say “boxes”, and he told the guy      “I don’t know man, they might have some at the counter for you.” The guy nodded his head and immediately left the Wendy’s. We didn’t think anything of it, but someone sitting in the booth behind us stood up and asked      “Did that guy just ask you about boxin?” He went on to explain to us that “boxin” is a slang term for a drug called Suboxone, which is a highly addictive drug used to ween people off of harder substances, but it can be abused just as easily. A lady across from us overheard the conversation and mentioned that she had seen the guy walking around the parking lot a bit earlier and talking to people that were in their cars, probably asking them the same thing.      While it wasn’t the creepiest thing in the world, me and my friends were all pretty uncomfortable that some creep felt like it was okay to ask some random college kids just having lunch in a public place if they knew where to get a drug that none of us had even heard of, and I thought it was honestly kind of sad to see someone that desperate to get high. The guy that explained the drug to us actually did end up notifying the police of what had happened, but we never heard anything about the man after that day.
8xxpa3,69,80,ADR,withdrawals,suboxone,suboxone,Close to 3 years on kratom for chronic pain, slowly escalated doses, withdrawals between doses becoming absurd, really losing my shit (Before mods remove this post and r/quittingkratom tells me I can't post there because I don't intend to quit). *Before anyone gets the wrong idea, I don't regret this situation at all. I take responsibility for my actions, and I staunchly affirm that I have never abused or misused medication in all the years I've been on it.*              I was prescribed painkillers at an early age (17/18) due to severe chronic pain (in a sensitive area, I'll spare you the specifics), as well as a slew of other prescriptions and treatments for my other ailments. Flash forward to me cold turkeying from the max daily dose of opioids (90mg/day equipotent to morphine) after being on them daily for 8 months. 1 month of hell and 3 months of eh and I was relatively back to normal, although during the first week I nearly lost my mind and probably would've done anything just to stop the withdrawals. But I got past it, because I'm stronger than these substances .                  I took 6 months without taking anything and avoiding the pain center despite my doctor's encouraging me to go back, but nearing the end of the 7th month free of opioids I decided to just stop torturing myself and just try kratom, as I had read a lot about it and the prospect of a painkiller I can't kill myself with was a huge draw. I've been able to go back to the pain center the whole time, I just found many negative side effects present when I take prescription opioids are absent when I take kratom. Me on opioids was an absolute wreck in every sense of the word, I could write a book about it but I'll just simplify and say opioids+me=bad. And I don't even get relief like I do from kratom.               So all was well, great even, I slowly worked up from &lt;2g doses as I was SOOOOO sensitive in the beginning. I even posted about it on here, a hilarious juxtaposition to this post.              1 year later I had worked up to 3-4ish gram doses, morning and night. There were periods where I would go through a dose every 6 hours, and at one point I was just tossing and washing 4g every 2 hours until I felt okay. All these times I had no issue going down, skipping doses, and not withdrawing between doses even at 12 hours between doses. I had pushed into withdrawing a few times, skipping 1-3 days, and it was very very mild compared to prescription opioids.                  I ended up having a really bad flare up a year ago which lasted most of the year, and my first decision was actually to immediately quit kratom cold turkey fearing the kratom was making my condition worse. After a month I went back on.                  I worked up doses slowly as I lost hope and the pain escalated, often ending up in the ER because the pain was absolutely unreal and I genuinely worried I was going to die because that's how I felt. 4g every 4 hours slowly ramped up to 6g, then 7g, etc.             I wound up withdrawing in the ER for 12 hours after I had been up to between 30-60g a day for a month, up from 4-6g doses for the year prior. I know, idk how the fuck I ended up here.               **What I'm trying to say is this: I've had complete control over my doses for years, never had withdrawals like this, and even when I skip every single night and the entire weekend, I still need 7g every 4-6 hours just to feel okay. I feel as if I'm in a state of constant withdrawals unless I'm carrying around a container of kratom and drinking it all day. What can I do? I've been tapering for weeks, I kind of find that I'm getting more out of my doses, but the withdrawals are still bad between doses.**                      So, what the fuck?           I woke up drenched in sweat and feeling awful 9 hours after my last dose the night before. I have been skipping the nightly dose for the last few weeks without fail (12+ hours between doses at night) as they give me psych meds which knock me out, but it seems like it doesn't make a difference as I always wake up in withdrawals even if I dose before bed.                 My psychiatrist is considering Suboxone, which I'm not sure will improve the situation, but I'm really at a loss here. There's a part of me which feels like I could do this until the day I die if my pain persists, there's a part of me which is ready to jump ship and cold turkey the second the pain becomes manageable, and there's a part of me which feels absolutely trapped and terrified to keep living this way.                I tossed and washed 7g an hour ago and I'm starting to feel okay again. It's actually working very well an hour later and giving me a surprising amount of relief, so I guess we're making progress.                   I don't know, this is very worrying. All my doctors are well aware of situation, but nobody has experience in this area because no doctor I've ever met has heard of kratom before I tell them about it.                Will this level off if I keep tapering? How soon will I be able to go 6 hours without dosing without ending up drenched in sweat? Has anyone experienced anything like this? I've got the green light to go back to the poison center (hehe), but if at all possible I'd much prefer to just take kratom.
8xxpa3,399,405,ADR,abused,kratom,kratom,Close to 3 years on kratom for chronic pain, slowly escalated doses, withdrawals between doses becoming absurd, really losing my shit (Before mods remove this post and r/quittingkratom tells me I can't post there because I don't intend to quit). *Before anyone gets the wrong idea, I don't regret this situation at all. I take responsibility for my actions, and I staunchly affirm that I have never abused or misused medication in all the years I've been on it.*              I was prescribed painkillers at an early age (17/18) due to severe chronic pain (in a sensitive area, I'll spare you the specifics), as well as a slew of other prescriptions and treatments for my other ailments. Flash forward to me cold turkeying from the max daily dose of opioids (90mg/day equipotent to morphine) after being on them daily for 8 months. 1 month of hell and 3 months of eh and I was relatively back to normal, although during the first week I nearly lost my mind and probably would've done anything just to stop the withdrawals. But I got past it, because I'm stronger than these substances .                  I took 6 months without taking anything and avoiding the pain center despite my doctor's encouraging me to go back, but nearing the end of the 7th month free of opioids I decided to just stop torturing myself and just try kratom, as I had read a lot about it and the prospect of a painkiller I can't kill myself with was a huge draw. I've been able to go back to the pain center the whole time, I just found many negative side effects present when I take prescription opioids are absent when I take kratom. Me on opioids was an absolute wreck in every sense of the word, I could write a book about it but I'll just simplify and say opioids+me=bad. And I don't even get relief like I do from kratom.               So all was well, great even, I slowly worked up from &lt;2g doses as I was SOOOOO sensitive in the beginning. I even posted about it on here, a hilarious juxtaposition to this post.              1 year later I had worked up to 3-4ish gram doses, morning and night. There were periods where I would go through a dose every 6 hours, and at one point I was just tossing and washing 4g every 2 hours until I felt okay. All these times I had no issue going down, skipping doses, and not withdrawing between doses even at 12 hours between doses. I had pushed into withdrawing a few times, skipping 1-3 days, and it was very very mild compared to prescription opioids.                  I ended up having a really bad flare up a year ago which lasted most of the year, and my first decision was actually to immediately quit kratom cold turkey fearing the kratom was making my condition worse. After a month I went back on.                  I worked up doses slowly as I lost hope and the pain escalated, often ending up in the ER because the pain was absolutely unreal and I genuinely worried I was going to die because that's how I felt. 4g every 4 hours slowly ramped up to 6g, then 7g, etc.             I wound up withdrawing in the ER for 12 hours after I had been up to between 30-60g a day for a month, up from 4-6g doses for the year prior. I know, idk how the fuck I ended up here.               **What I'm trying to say is this: I've had complete control over my doses for years, never had withdrawals like this, and even when I skip every single night and the entire weekend, I still need 7g every 4-6 hours just to feel okay. I feel as if I'm in a state of constant withdrawals unless I'm carrying around a container of kratom and drinking it all day. What can I do? I've been tapering for weeks, I kind of find that I'm getting more out of my doses, but the withdrawals are still bad between doses.**                      So, what the fuck?           I woke up drenched in sweat and feeling awful 9 hours after my last dose the night before. I have been skipping the nightly dose for the last few weeks without fail (12+ hours between doses at night) as they give me psych meds which knock me out, but it seems like it doesn't make a difference as I always wake up in withdrawals even if I dose before bed.                 My psychiatrist is considering Suboxone, which I'm not sure will improve the situation, but I'm really at a loss here. There's a part of me which feels like I could do this until the day I die if my pain persists, there's a part of me which is ready to jump ship and cold turkey the second the pain becomes manageable, and there's a part of me which feels absolutely trapped and terrified to keep living this way.                I tossed and washed 7g an hour ago and I'm starting to feel okay again. It's actually working very well an hour later and giving me a surprising amount of relief, so I guess we're making progress.                   I don't know, this is very worrying. All my doctors are well aware of situation, but nobody has experience in this area because no doctor I've ever met has heard of kratom before I tell them about it.                Will this level off if I keep tapering? How soon will I be able to go 6 hours without dosing without ending up drenched in sweat? Has anyone experienced anything like this? I've got the green light to go back to the poison center (hehe), but if at all possible I'd much prefer to just take kratom.
8xwmru,615,621,ADR,sleepy,kratom,kratom,Methadone taper detox Ugh...so the time has come. Tomorrow will be my first day off dope in 5 years. I’m dreading it, honestly but I know I have to do it.  I have twelve 10 mg Methadone tablets my mom managed to score for me to complete this detox.   I’m thinking I’ll probably do 3 tomorrow, 2 the next day, then 1.5, then 1 then stop.   Does this sound appropriate? (I mean, I’ll have extra if I really need it, but I’m hoping this will do the trick.)   Any tips would be great.   My fiancé will be beside me doing a Suboxone taper. We tried Kratom (and we do still have some on hand) but it really just makes us sleepy. I had high hopes for it. I desperately wanted it to be our savior the way it has been for so many of you, but it just hasn’t been super effective for us, unfortunately.
8yz3r2,528,532,ADR,weak,olanzapine,olanzapine,HELP! My mother needs help with delusions and is getting worse and worse My mother a house wife, around late 50s, has had psychological problems for as long as i can remember. She has been diagnosed with generalized anxiety syndrome and delusions. She believes worms are infesting muscles in her body. She thinks parts of her body have been eaten away, like her lungs so sometimes she thinks she is suffocating. Now she has gotten even worse. There are episodes mostly in the morning where she just lies on the floor. She feels weak and feels like "something grabbing at my brain or worms eating her brain". Doctors just give her anti anxiety and antipsychotic drugs. (Now she takes pregabalin and olanzapine) which make her situation worse because she feels even more weak and frail and her "worms" get even stronger. Plz help she is getting hopeless and has suicidal thoughts now.
8yz3r2,778,783,ADR,frail,olanzapine,olanzapine,HELP! My mother needs help with delusions and is getting worse and worse My mother a house wife, around late 50s, has had psychological problems for as long as i can remember. She has been diagnosed with generalized anxiety syndrome and delusions. She believes worms are infesting muscles in her body. She thinks parts of her body have been eaten away, like her lungs so sometimes she thinks she is suffocating. Now she has gotten even worse. There are episodes mostly in the morning where she just lies on the floor. She feels weak and feels like "something grabbing at my brain or worms eating her brain". Doctors just give her anti anxiety and antipsychotic drugs. (Now she takes pregabalin and olanzapine) which make her situation worse because she feels even more weak and frail and her "worms" get even stronger. Plz help she is getting hopeless and has suicidal thoughts now.
8yz3r2,860,877,ADR,suicidal thoughts,olanzapine,olanzapine,HELP! My mother needs help with delusions and is getting worse and worse My mother a house wife, around late 50s, has had psychological problems for as long as i can remember. She has been diagnosed with generalized anxiety syndrome and delusions. She believes worms are infesting muscles in her body. She thinks parts of her body have been eaten away, like her lungs so sometimes she thinks she is suffocating. Now she has gotten even worse. There are episodes mostly in the morning where she just lies on the floor. She feels weak and feels like "something grabbing at my brain or worms eating her brain". Doctors just give her anti anxiety and antipsychotic drugs. (Now she takes pregabalin and olanzapine) which make her situation worse because she feels even more weak and frail and her "worms" get even stronger. Plz help she is getting hopeless and has suicidal thoughts now.
8yhn8y,1422,1428,ADR,apathy,olanzapine,olanzapine,From depressed to manic to depressed to apathetic, will things ever go back to the way they were? Hi guys I'm bipolar type I and I was wondering if Is there any hope? Can things become enjoyable again, even the small things like playing games or hanging out with friends?      I remember when I was a kid up to my early 20's I always had things to look forward to, even though from an objective stand point my life was nowhere near as good as it is now. I'm a high achiever now, almost finished my bachelors and I've networked with a great bunch of people.     In the past I wasn't really going anywhere, I just played video games all the time, they were fun. I'd kill to have a day like that where I could just sit and play a game and really enjoy it and look forward to playing it or something. I have co-morbid ADHD and have noticed that Ritalin drags me out of this numbness but only temporarily.     Otherwise I don't get any pleasure out of anything, everything feels like a waste of time except my studies, even though that keeps me occupied I wouldn't call it 'fun'.      I want to be able to feel like life is worth living, right now I don't really care, if someone said to me you're going to die tomorrow I'd just feel bad for my family rather than my own death.     I'm on a cocktail of medications: Olanzapine, Fluoxetine, Lamtrogine, Bupropion, Ritalin and PRN diazepam. Mania is well under control, but this apathy, I hate it.. am I the only one experiencing this?
8z3ezl,14,21,ADR,seizure,lamotrigine,lamotrigine,Was two weeks seizure free and just had one again I’m feeling very discouraged about this. Happened today at work. Currently prescribed Depakote and Lamotrigine
8yrrp2,200,211,ADR,weight gain,lamotrigine,lamotrigine,Abilify FOR sleep? Today I saw a doctor (not a pdoc) to get help with my insomnia. I’m currently on a low dose of lamotrigine. I told her I took seroquel for sleep at one point but couldn’t stand tne weight gain. She prescribed me ability to take at night to help me sleep.. but upon searching it seems like people have terrible insomnia taking it??!   I just want to get some sleep. :(
8zfq0p,366,374,ADR,Insomnia,phenibut,phenibut,Wow Ok I know I am not a normal Reddit user. I don't know how to reddit. I already posted in here twice about my plan to taper. Then I recently posted about quitting cold turkey and on that day I was more scared than I have been in a long time. I was rebounding off phenibut every 5 hours so for the last two months of my use I was unbearably anxious and miserable. Insomnia all the time. The last week of my using I went up 8 grams. 6 grams just wasn't doing the trick anymore. Phenibut gave me no feeling whatsoever at the end. I was depressed and anxious everyday so I finally said fuck it and threw away the rest of my stash. I had tried tapering and it was shit. I didn't want to go through 4 months of slowly tapering a dose. For some people, it definitely works better but I am an all or nothing kind of girl. I ordered baclofen which never came. I didn't even need it. I am prescribed lyrica which helped a lot. I don't use any drugs or alcohol and haven't for three years, except Kratom and phenibut. But for this cold turkey, I obtained enough xanax to help me sleep for the night and some thc capsules with a high CBD content. Somehow, with these aids available I suffered very little. I have gotten 8 hrs every night. I took next week off work because I thought I was going to be in a psych ward, but just told my boss I can come in tomorrow and use that PTO for something better. Cold turkey worked so well for me and I truly feel like I'm lucky that I didn't experience the withdrawals as bad as many other reports on here. I'm on day 6 and I'm doing great. I have less anxiety than when I was on phenibut. It is a useful tool for those who can control it. I'm a prior heroin and benzo addict. I have no moderation with any substance. I am so grateful phenibut is out of my life. If anyone needs someone to talk to please feel free to reach out. This post is NOT to advise people to go cold turkey. It is just what worked for me. For those who can handle a slow or aggressive taper it is a lot easier on the body. So kava and Kratom were super helpful. The xanax was a godsend for sleep. I took gotu kola, and magnesium and smoked about 100 cigarettes a day but I made it!!
8zfq0p,536,545,ADR,depressed,phenibut,phenibut,Wow Ok I know I am not a normal Reddit user. I don't know how to reddit. I already posted in here twice about my plan to taper. Then I recently posted about quitting cold turkey and on that day I was more scared than I have been in a long time. I was rebounding off phenibut every 5 hours so for the last two months of my use I was unbearably anxious and miserable. Insomnia all the time. The last week of my using I went up 8 grams. 6 grams just wasn't doing the trick anymore. Phenibut gave me no feeling whatsoever at the end. I was depressed and anxious everyday so I finally said fuck it and threw away the rest of my stash. I had tried tapering and it was shit. I didn't want to go through 4 months of slowly tapering a dose. For some people, it definitely works better but I am an all or nothing kind of girl. I ordered baclofen which never came. I didn't even need it. I am prescribed lyrica which helped a lot. I don't use any drugs or alcohol and haven't for three years, except Kratom and phenibut. But for this cold turkey, I obtained enough xanax to help me sleep for the night and some thc capsules with a high CBD content. Somehow, with these aids available I suffered very little. I have gotten 8 hrs every night. I took next week off work because I thought I was going to be in a psych ward, but just told my boss I can come in tomorrow and use that PTO for something better. Cold turkey worked so well for me and I truly feel like I'm lucky that I didn't experience the withdrawals as bad as many other reports on here. I'm on day 6 and I'm doing great. I have less anxiety than when I was on phenibut. It is a useful tool for those who can control it. I'm a prior heroin and benzo addict. I have no moderation with any substance. I am so grateful phenibut is out of my life. If anyone needs someone to talk to please feel free to reach out. This post is NOT to advise people to go cold turkey. It is just what worked for me. For those who can handle a slow or aggressive taper it is a lot easier on the body. So kava and Kratom were super helpful. The xanax was a godsend for sleep. I took gotu kola, and magnesium and smoked about 100 cigarettes a day but I made it!!
8zfq0p,343,350,ADR,anxious,phenibut,phenibut,Wow Ok I know I am not a normal Reddit user. I don't know how to reddit. I already posted in here twice about my plan to taper. Then I recently posted about quitting cold turkey and on that day I was more scared than I have been in a long time. I was rebounding off phenibut every 5 hours so for the last two months of my use I was unbearably anxious and miserable. Insomnia all the time. The last week of my using I went up 8 grams. 6 grams just wasn't doing the trick anymore. Phenibut gave me no feeling whatsoever at the end. I was depressed and anxious everyday so I finally said fuck it and threw away the rest of my stash. I had tried tapering and it was shit. I didn't want to go through 4 months of slowly tapering a dose. For some people, it definitely works better but I am an all or nothing kind of girl. I ordered baclofen which never came. I didn't even need it. I am prescribed lyrica which helped a lot. I don't use any drugs or alcohol and haven't for three years, except Kratom and phenibut. But for this cold turkey, I obtained enough xanax to help me sleep for the night and some thc capsules with a high CBD content. Somehow, with these aids available I suffered very little. I have gotten 8 hrs every night. I took next week off work because I thought I was going to be in a psych ward, but just told my boss I can come in tomorrow and use that PTO for something better. Cold turkey worked so well for me and I truly feel like I'm lucky that I didn't experience the withdrawals as bad as many other reports on here. I'm on day 6 and I'm doing great. I have less anxiety than when I was on phenibut. It is a useful tool for those who can control it. I'm a prior heroin and benzo addict. I have no moderation with any substance. I am so grateful phenibut is out of my life. If anyone needs someone to talk to please feel free to reach out. This post is NOT to advise people to go cold turkey. It is just what worked for me. For those who can handle a slow or aggressive taper it is a lot easier on the body. So kava and Kratom were super helpful. The xanax was a godsend for sleep. I took gotu kola, and magnesium and smoked about 100 cigarettes a day but I made it!!
8zfq0p,1488,1499,ADR,withdrawals,phenibut,phenibut,Wow Ok I know I am not a normal Reddit user. I don't know how to reddit. I already posted in here twice about my plan to taper. Then I recently posted about quitting cold turkey and on that day I was more scared than I have been in a long time. I was rebounding off phenibut every 5 hours so for the last two months of my use I was unbearably anxious and miserable. Insomnia all the time. The last week of my using I went up 8 grams. 6 grams just wasn't doing the trick anymore. Phenibut gave me no feeling whatsoever at the end. I was depressed and anxious everyday so I finally said fuck it and threw away the rest of my stash. I had tried tapering and it was shit. I didn't want to go through 4 months of slowly tapering a dose. For some people, it definitely works better but I am an all or nothing kind of girl. I ordered baclofen which never came. I didn't even need it. I am prescribed lyrica which helped a lot. I don't use any drugs or alcohol and haven't for three years, except Kratom and phenibut. But for this cold turkey, I obtained enough xanax to help me sleep for the night and some thc capsules with a high CBD content. Somehow, with these aids available I suffered very little. I have gotten 8 hrs every night. I took next week off work because I thought I was going to be in a psych ward, but just told my boss I can come in tomorrow and use that PTO for something better. Cold turkey worked so well for me and I truly feel like I'm lucky that I didn't experience the withdrawals as bad as many other reports on here. I'm on day 6 and I'm doing great. I have less anxiety than when I was on phenibut. It is a useful tool for those who can control it. I'm a prior heroin and benzo addict. I have no moderation with any substance. I am so grateful phenibut is out of my life. If anyone needs someone to talk to please feel free to reach out. This post is NOT to advise people to go cold turkey. It is just what worked for me. For those who can handle a slow or aggressive taper it is a lot easier on the body. So kava and Kratom were super helpful. The xanax was a godsend for sleep. I took gotu kola, and magnesium and smoked about 100 cigarettes a day but I made it!!
8zfq0p,1584,1591,ADR,anxiety,phenibut,phenibut,Wow Ok I know I am not a normal Reddit user. I don't know how to reddit. I already posted in here twice about my plan to taper. Then I recently posted about quitting cold turkey and on that day I was more scared than I have been in a long time. I was rebounding off phenibut every 5 hours so for the last two months of my use I was unbearably anxious and miserable. Insomnia all the time. The last week of my using I went up 8 grams. 6 grams just wasn't doing the trick anymore. Phenibut gave me no feeling whatsoever at the end. I was depressed and anxious everyday so I finally said fuck it and threw away the rest of my stash. I had tried tapering and it was shit. I didn't want to go through 4 months of slowly tapering a dose. For some people, it definitely works better but I am an all or nothing kind of girl. I ordered baclofen which never came. I didn't even need it. I am prescribed lyrica which helped a lot. I don't use any drugs or alcohol and haven't for three years, except Kratom and phenibut. But for this cold turkey, I obtained enough xanax to help me sleep for the night and some thc capsules with a high CBD content. Somehow, with these aids available I suffered very little. I have gotten 8 hrs every night. I took next week off work because I thought I was going to be in a psych ward, but just told my boss I can come in tomorrow and use that PTO for something better. Cold turkey worked so well for me and I truly feel like I'm lucky that I didn't experience the withdrawals as bad as many other reports on here. I'm on day 6 and I'm doing great. I have less anxiety than when I was on phenibut. It is a useful tool for those who can control it. I'm a prior heroin and benzo addict. I have no moderation with any substance. I am so grateful phenibut is out of my life. If anyone needs someone to talk to please feel free to reach out. This post is NOT to advise people to go cold turkey. It is just what worked for me. For those who can handle a slow or aggressive taper it is a lot easier on the body. So kava and Kratom were super helpful. The xanax was a godsend for sleep. I took gotu kola, and magnesium and smoked about 100 cigarettes a day but I made it!!
8zfq0p,1700,1707,ADR,addict.,heroin,heroin,Wow Ok I know I am not a normal Reddit user. I don't know how to reddit. I already posted in here twice about my plan to taper. Then I recently posted about quitting cold turkey and on that day I was more scared than I have been in a long time. I was rebounding off phenibut every 5 hours so for the last two months of my use I was unbearably anxious and miserable. Insomnia all the time. The last week of my using I went up 8 grams. 6 grams just wasn't doing the trick anymore. Phenibut gave me no feeling whatsoever at the end. I was depressed and anxious everyday so I finally said fuck it and threw away the rest of my stash. I had tried tapering and it was shit. I didn't want to go through 4 months of slowly tapering a dose. For some people, it definitely works better but I am an all or nothing kind of girl. I ordered baclofen which never came. I didn't even need it. I am prescribed lyrica which helped a lot. I don't use any drugs or alcohol and haven't for three years, except Kratom and phenibut. But for this cold turkey, I obtained enough xanax to help me sleep for the night and some thc capsules with a high CBD content. Somehow, with these aids available I suffered very little. I have gotten 8 hrs every night. I took next week off work because I thought I was going to be in a psych ward, but just told my boss I can come in tomorrow and use that PTO for something better. Cold turkey worked so well for me and I truly feel like I'm lucky that I didn't experience the withdrawals as bad as many other reports on here. I'm on day 6 and I'm doing great. I have less anxiety than when I was on phenibut. It is a useful tool for those who can control it. I'm a prior heroin and benzo addict. I have no moderation with any substance. I am so grateful phenibut is out of my life. If anyone needs someone to talk to please feel free to reach out. This post is NOT to advise people to go cold turkey. It is just what worked for me. For those who can handle a slow or aggressive taper it is a lot easier on the body. So kava and Kratom were super helpful. The xanax was a godsend for sleep. I took gotu kola, and magnesium and smoked about 100 cigarettes a day but I made it!!
8z8rjk,204,213,ADR,depressed,duloxetine,duloxetine,Going to the doctors... I’m going to the doctors on Wednesday for my anxiety(GAD and gonna talk about SAD). I’ve met w my doctor before and I’ve been prescribed buspar(didn’t really do much, made me feel depressed), citalopram(side effects were TOO much), and duloxetine(like cital but “manageable” side effects and felt depressed on it eventually too). Ik not all doctors are the same but anyone know what I could possibly be prescribed? I was thinking pregabalin...
8z6yzo,39,50,ADR,withdrawals,pregabalin,pregabalin,Which drug(s) have given you the worst withdrawals? Were they opiates or other drugs? Just curious because I've been browsing around and reading up on withdrawals from various drugs. I binged OC 80's over the past year but never more than 1-2 weeks, and I personally feel pretty horrible withdrawals (obviously relative as heavier users will face much worse withdrawals). My withdrawals from opioids mainly consist of pain in my stomach, loss of appetite, insomnia, night sweats, RLS and diarrhea. However, this is how I would rank my worst withdrawals:  1) Getting off a 2 year habit of daily Clonazepam (Klonopin)/Lorazepam (Ativan)/Xanax (Alprazolam) habit. Obviously I started off at 0.5mg, then 1mg, then 3mg, 6mg. By the end of it I was doing 8-10mg usually half Clonazepam as soon as I woke up and then the rest Xanax throughout the day. I quit cold turkey because tapering never worked for me.  BY FAR the worst type of withdrawals I've ever experienced. The rebound anxiety was like no other. I had one of the worst panic attacks I've ever experienced. Ended up in the hospital because my parents thought I was dying. Luckily no seizures and the worst was over about 2 weeks after I quit.  2) Gabapentin/Pregabalin (Neurontin/Pregabalin): I'm mentioning this not only because of how bad the withdrawals were, but because many people think that these two drugs are relatively harmless and non-addictive. Well, I was doing anywhere from 900mg-1200mg of Pregablin some days, and 4500mg-5000mg of Gabapentin other days. The Gabapentin I would space out in 30 minute intervals throughout the entire day. I know this is A LOT more than most people take, but they gave me euphoria unlike any other (not as good as opiates though). At first, I didn't realize my withdrawal symptoms were caused by these gaba drugs. I suffered for several weeks with EXTREME pain in my stomach. I often resorted to Hydrocodone/Oxycodone to numb the pain. This accompanied severe cramps in my stomache and not eating at all. Overall, this wasn't as bad as getting off the Benzo's but it was much worse than any opioid withdrawals I've had.  3) Oxy/Hydrocodone: Now these two, I would only binge 1-2 weeks at a time and then taking another 3 weeks off usually. However, I was taking pretty high doses compared to my tolerance since it would somewhat reset every 3 weeks but I'd continue with the same dose I left off. Some of you may have seen my posts regarding tapering these last couple of days. I get similar withdrawals to gabapentin in that I have severe pain in my stomach, but it doesn't match the pain caused by the gaba drugs. Also, this time I am tapering off rather than quitting cold turkey so it's been a much better experience.   So that's my experience. How about yours?
8z6yzo,1025,1038,ADR,panic attacks,Clonazepam,Clonazepam,Which drug(s) have given you the worst withdrawals? Were they opiates or other drugs? Just curious because I've been browsing around and reading up on withdrawals from various drugs. I binged OC 80's over the past year but never more than 1-2 weeks, and I personally feel pretty horrible withdrawals (obviously relative as heavier users will face much worse withdrawals). My withdrawals from opioids mainly consist of pain in my stomach, loss of appetite, insomnia, night sweats, RLS and diarrhea. However, this is how I would rank my worst withdrawals:  1) Getting off a 2 year habit of daily Clonazepam (Klonopin)/Lorazepam (Ativan)/Xanax (Alprazolam) habit. Obviously I started off at 0.5mg, then 1mg, then 3mg, 6mg. By the end of it I was doing 8-10mg usually half Clonazepam as soon as I woke up and then the rest Xanax throughout the day. I quit cold turkey because tapering never worked for me.  BY FAR the worst type of withdrawals I've ever experienced. The rebound anxiety was like no other. I had one of the worst panic attacks I've ever experienced. Ended up in the hospital because my parents thought I was dying. Luckily no seizures and the worst was over about 2 weeks after I quit.  2) Gabapentin/Pregabalin (Neurontin/Pregabalin): I'm mentioning this not only because of how bad the withdrawals were, but because many people think that these two drugs are relatively harmless and non-addictive. Well, I was doing anywhere from 900mg-1200mg of Pregablin some days, and 4500mg-5000mg of Gabapentin other days. The Gabapentin I would space out in 30 minute intervals throughout the entire day. I know this is A LOT more than most people take, but they gave me euphoria unlike any other (not as good as opiates though). At first, I didn't realize my withdrawal symptoms were caused by these gaba drugs. I suffered for several weeks with EXTREME pain in my stomach. I often resorted to Hydrocodone/Oxycodone to numb the pain. This accompanied severe cramps in my stomache and not eating at all. Overall, this wasn't as bad as getting off the Benzo's but it was much worse than any opioid withdrawals I've had.  3) Oxy/Hydrocodone: Now these two, I would only binge 1-2 weeks at a time and then taking another 3 weeks off usually. However, I was taking pretty high doses compared to my tolerance since it would somewhat reset every 3 weeks but I'd continue with the same dose I left off. Some of you may have seen my posts regarding tapering these last couple of days. I get similar withdrawals to gabapentin in that I have severe pain in my stomach, but it doesn't match the pain caused by the gaba drugs. Also, this time I am tapering off rather than quitting cold turkey so it's been a much better experience.   So that's my experience. How about yours?
8z6yzo,1674,1682,ADR,euphoria,gabapentin,gabapentin,Which drug(s) have given you the worst withdrawals? Were they opiates or other drugs? Just curious because I've been browsing around and reading up on withdrawals from various drugs. I binged OC 80's over the past year but never more than 1-2 weeks, and I personally feel pretty horrible withdrawals (obviously relative as heavier users will face much worse withdrawals). My withdrawals from opioids mainly consist of pain in my stomach, loss of appetite, insomnia, night sweats, RLS and diarrhea. However, this is how I would rank my worst withdrawals:  1) Getting off a 2 year habit of daily Clonazepam (Klonopin)/Lorazepam (Ativan)/Xanax (Alprazolam) habit. Obviously I started off at 0.5mg, then 1mg, then 3mg, 6mg. By the end of it I was doing 8-10mg usually half Clonazepam as soon as I woke up and then the rest Xanax throughout the day. I quit cold turkey because tapering never worked for me.  BY FAR the worst type of withdrawals I've ever experienced. The rebound anxiety was like no other. I had one of the worst panic attacks I've ever experienced. Ended up in the hospital because my parents thought I was dying. Luckily no seizures and the worst was over about 2 weeks after I quit.  2) Gabapentin/Pregabalin (Neurontin/Pregabalin): I'm mentioning this not only because of how bad the withdrawals were, but because many people think that these two drugs are relatively harmless and non-addictive. Well, I was doing anywhere from 900mg-1200mg of Pregablin some days, and 4500mg-5000mg of Gabapentin other days. The Gabapentin I would space out in 30 minute intervals throughout the entire day. I know this is A LOT more than most people take, but they gave me euphoria unlike any other (not as good as opiates though). At first, I didn't realize my withdrawal symptoms were caused by these gaba drugs. I suffered for several weeks with EXTREME pain in my stomach. I often resorted to Hydrocodone/Oxycodone to numb the pain. This accompanied severe cramps in my stomache and not eating at all. Overall, this wasn't as bad as getting off the Benzo's but it was much worse than any opioid withdrawals I've had.  3) Oxy/Hydrocodone: Now these two, I would only binge 1-2 weeks at a time and then taking another 3 weeks off usually. However, I was taking pretty high doses compared to my tolerance since it would somewhat reset every 3 weeks but I'd continue with the same dose I left off. Some of you may have seen my posts regarding tapering these last couple of days. I get similar withdrawals to gabapentin in that I have severe pain in my stomach, but it doesn't match the pain caused by the gaba drugs. Also, this time I am tapering off rather than quitting cold turkey so it's been a much better experience.   So that's my experience. How about yours?
8z6yzo,2297,2306,ADR,tolerance,gabapentin,gabapentin,Which drug(s) have given you the worst withdrawals? Were they opiates or other drugs? Just curious because I've been browsing around and reading up on withdrawals from various drugs. I binged OC 80's over the past year but never more than 1-2 weeks, and I personally feel pretty horrible withdrawals (obviously relative as heavier users will face much worse withdrawals). My withdrawals from opioids mainly consist of pain in my stomach, loss of appetite, insomnia, night sweats, RLS and diarrhea. However, this is how I would rank my worst withdrawals:  1) Getting off a 2 year habit of daily Clonazepam (Klonopin)/Lorazepam (Ativan)/Xanax (Alprazolam) habit. Obviously I started off at 0.5mg, then 1mg, then 3mg, 6mg. By the end of it I was doing 8-10mg usually half Clonazepam as soon as I woke up and then the rest Xanax throughout the day. I quit cold turkey because tapering never worked for me.  BY FAR the worst type of withdrawals I've ever experienced. The rebound anxiety was like no other. I had one of the worst panic attacks I've ever experienced. Ended up in the hospital because my parents thought I was dying. Luckily no seizures and the worst was over about 2 weeks after I quit.  2) Gabapentin/Pregabalin (Neurontin/Pregabalin): I'm mentioning this not only because of how bad the withdrawals were, but because many people think that these two drugs are relatively harmless and non-addictive. Well, I was doing anywhere from 900mg-1200mg of Pregablin some days, and 4500mg-5000mg of Gabapentin other days. The Gabapentin I would space out in 30 minute intervals throughout the entire day. I know this is A LOT more than most people take, but they gave me euphoria unlike any other (not as good as opiates though). At first, I didn't realize my withdrawal symptoms were caused by these gaba drugs. I suffered for several weeks with EXTREME pain in my stomach. I often resorted to Hydrocodone/Oxycodone to numb the pain. This accompanied severe cramps in my stomache and not eating at all. Overall, this wasn't as bad as getting off the Benzo's but it was much worse than any opioid withdrawals I've had.  3) Oxy/Hydrocodone: Now these two, I would only binge 1-2 weeks at a time and then taking another 3 weeks off usually. However, I was taking pretty high doses compared to my tolerance since it would somewhat reset every 3 weeks but I'd continue with the same dose I left off. Some of you may have seen my posts regarding tapering these last couple of days. I get similar withdrawals to gabapentin in that I have severe pain in my stomach, but it doesn't match the pain caused by the gaba drugs. Also, this time I am tapering off rather than quitting cold turkey so it's been a much better experience.   So that's my experience. How about yours?
8yyg5a,793,801,ADR,TOLERACE,pregabalin,pregabalin,Sorry my bad english allready. I have done it again .. I went to water the plants FLAPILLA (flualprazolam 5mg) and the plant is noticed severe side-symptoms (electric shocks from before watering the plant(the shocks have been pretty.bad.coz the plant tell me that) , the kidneys are ok. Only those Electric shocks In my head... ) as some whise man says"Damage has already been done" .. I also planted a plant with 300mg pregabalin. 45min ago. Now I also gave my plant a methadone replacement therapy dose (90mg) plant waiting for a wonderful feeling. I have noticed that the plant no longer feel any anxiety ... I hope this is not for nothing now demonized because symptoms can still cause a bad synthesis. &lt;3 for all plant you those used FLAP to watering your plant.  WARNING:"5MG WITHOUT TOLERACE IS REALLY TOO MUCH..  Ps. I like this reddit app (sorry that. I have to use Google translator... BE SAFE AND  Best Regards : OverLoadMan
8ymfbj,37,54,ADR,bladder problems.,clonazepam,clonazepam,Could long term clonazepam use cause bladder problems.  I’ve been on clonazepam for about a year now and for the past 4 months I’ve had serious problems with my bladder.  I need to go every 30-45 mins. I can only pee about 100/150mls at a time and I will go up to 20 plus times a day.   It could be an overactive bladder, but I’m wondering if it’s down to the clonazepam. I was taking them about 4-5 months before this condition begun, but in unsure if being on them for now a year at 6mg daily could be the reason for the way my bladder is functioning.  It’s strange. I was put onto pregabalin yesterday and it’s made my bladder seem to act differently. It’s holding more  Urine. And I can sometimes pee upto 250mls. But it feels like there’s something going on and I’m wondering if it’s because it also acts on the gaba receptors?  Anyone with any knowledge or experience, I’d be very great full to hear what you thinks going on.   Thanks.
8ymfbj,302,320,ADR,overactive bladder,clonazepam,clonazepam,Could long term clonazepam use cause bladder problems.  I’ve been on clonazepam for about a year now and for the past 4 months I’ve had serious problems with my bladder.  I need to go every 30-45 mins. I can only pee about 100/150mls at a time and I will go up to 20 plus times a day.   It could be an overactive bladder, but I’m wondering if it’s down to the clonazepam. I was taking them about 4-5 months before this condition begun, but in unsure if being on them for now a year at 6mg daily could be the reason for the way my bladder is functioning.  It’s strange. I was put onto pregabalin yesterday and it’s made my bladder seem to act differently. It’s holding more  Urine. And I can sometimes pee upto 250mls. But it feels like there’s something going on and I’m wondering if it’s because it also acts on the gaba receptors?  Anyone with any knowledge or experience, I’d be very great full to hear what you thinks going on.   Thanks.
8xumcm,258,266,ADR,euphoria,pregabalin,pregabalin,Is using this many different drugs worth it? I have smoked around 2g weed today, just snorted like 0.4mg of meth and still thinking of taking more and also maybe speed. Then i was thinking of taking 600mg pregabalin and like 2-8mg of clonazepam. I'm chasing euphoria, is this a good way or just a bad way cause of mixin fast drugs with slows
8y60qe,416,424,ADR,diarrhea,levaquin,levaquin,Period in the middle of birth control?? Okay. This is a very long story but I don't know what else to do.   Thursday I went to the sinus doctor, got a CT scan done and discovered I had many problems. To avoid surgery, I was put on another round of antibiotics(after I had failed three rounds) to try and clear up the problems. I was prescribed a seriously intense brand called Levaquin, which side effects include:  diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, hemorrhaging, fainting, etc. The doctor talked about these with me, and although I had no problems in the past, she suggested I take some pro-biotics, so I did.   The first day of taking these new pills I went out to my favorite Vietnamese place for lunch and had a big steaming bowl of beef  pho with a shrimp spring roll . It was very yummy and I continued my day as normal. I started feeling bad around 5 o'clock and by 6 I vomited everything up so forcefully i had to blow it out my nose (gross, I know). I felt immediately better , thinking I had just had too much to eat, but then i threw up again, this time with diarrhea so bad it was very liquidy. I stopped eating and drinking and just sad on the couch in stomach pain so awful I almost thought about going to the hosptial. My stomach pain reached levels like 7 and 8 on my pain scale, and for me that was pretty high. I continuned to throw up stomach acid until 3am and that was the end of the throw up episode. During this time i had no other symptoms than intense abdominal pain in the belly button/right lower side, vomiting and bad diarrhea. I never ran a fever once.  The next day I slept for about 18 hours. I was still sick to my stomach and had been up pretty late in pain. I drank sips of water but I didnt eat. My stomach muscles were killing me, but I was getting better. I had not touched the pills since the first day.   The next couple of days I went to work, ate minimally, and slept  a lot. Then, the last 24 hours have been odd. I have started "spotting" or bleeding a little. This is odd because I have  very high dose birth control pills that I still managed to take everyday of this illness to prevent me from having month long bleeding cycles. For the sake of this post I am not sexually active. As I have gone to the bathroom through the day I have noticed more and more blood and this is scaring me. I also have awful cramps( something my normal period doesn't come with ).   Anyway, Im not sure what is going on, but Im afaid something could be seriously messed up. I am not sure if this was all caused by the meds or by the food. I am in so much pain. Please help. Thanks
8y60qe,426,432,ADR,nausea,levaquin,levaquin,Period in the middle of birth control?? Okay. This is a very long story but I don't know what else to do.   Thursday I went to the sinus doctor, got a CT scan done and discovered I had many problems. To avoid surgery, I was put on another round of antibiotics(after I had failed three rounds) to try and clear up the problems. I was prescribed a seriously intense brand called Levaquin, which side effects include:  diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, hemorrhaging, fainting, etc. The doctor talked about these with me, and although I had no problems in the past, she suggested I take some pro-biotics, so I did.   The first day of taking these new pills I went out to my favorite Vietnamese place for lunch and had a big steaming bowl of beef  pho with a shrimp spring roll . It was very yummy and I continued my day as normal. I started feeling bad around 5 o'clock and by 6 I vomited everything up so forcefully i had to blow it out my nose (gross, I know). I felt immediately better , thinking I had just had too much to eat, but then i threw up again, this time with diarrhea so bad it was very liquidy. I stopped eating and drinking and just sad on the couch in stomach pain so awful I almost thought about going to the hosptial. My stomach pain reached levels like 7 and 8 on my pain scale, and for me that was pretty high. I continuned to throw up stomach acid until 3am and that was the end of the throw up episode. During this time i had no other symptoms than intense abdominal pain in the belly button/right lower side, vomiting and bad diarrhea. I never ran a fever once.  The next day I slept for about 18 hours. I was still sick to my stomach and had been up pretty late in pain. I drank sips of water but I didnt eat. My stomach muscles were killing me, but I was getting better. I had not touched the pills since the first day.   The next couple of days I went to work, ate minimally, and slept  a lot. Then, the last 24 hours have been odd. I have started "spotting" or bleeding a little. This is odd because I have  very high dose birth control pills that I still managed to take everyday of this illness to prevent me from having month long bleeding cycles. For the sake of this post I am not sexually active. As I have gone to the bathroom through the day I have noticed more and more blood and this is scaring me. I also have awful cramps( something my normal period doesn't come with ).   Anyway, Im not sure what is going on, but Im afaid something could be seriously messed up. I am not sure if this was all caused by the meds or by the food. I am in so much pain. Please help. Thanks
8y60qe,434,442,ADR,vomiting,levaquin,levaquin,Period in the middle of birth control?? Okay. This is a very long story but I don't know what else to do.   Thursday I went to the sinus doctor, got a CT scan done and discovered I had many problems. To avoid surgery, I was put on another round of antibiotics(after I had failed three rounds) to try and clear up the problems. I was prescribed a seriously intense brand called Levaquin, which side effects include:  diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, hemorrhaging, fainting, etc. The doctor talked about these with me, and although I had no problems in the past, she suggested I take some pro-biotics, so I did.   The first day of taking these new pills I went out to my favorite Vietnamese place for lunch and had a big steaming bowl of beef  pho with a shrimp spring roll . It was very yummy and I continued my day as normal. I started feeling bad around 5 o'clock and by 6 I vomited everything up so forcefully i had to blow it out my nose (gross, I know). I felt immediately better , thinking I had just had too much to eat, but then i threw up again, this time with diarrhea so bad it was very liquidy. I stopped eating and drinking and just sad on the couch in stomach pain so awful I almost thought about going to the hosptial. My stomach pain reached levels like 7 and 8 on my pain scale, and for me that was pretty high. I continuned to throw up stomach acid until 3am and that was the end of the throw up episode. During this time i had no other symptoms than intense abdominal pain in the belly button/right lower side, vomiting and bad diarrhea. I never ran a fever once.  The next day I slept for about 18 hours. I was still sick to my stomach and had been up pretty late in pain. I drank sips of water but I didnt eat. My stomach muscles were killing me, but I was getting better. I had not touched the pills since the first day.   The next couple of days I went to work, ate minimally, and slept  a lot. Then, the last 24 hours have been odd. I have started "spotting" or bleeding a little. This is odd because I have  very high dose birth control pills that I still managed to take everyday of this illness to prevent me from having month long bleeding cycles. For the sake of this post I am not sexually active. As I have gone to the bathroom through the day I have noticed more and more blood and this is scaring me. I also have awful cramps( something my normal period doesn't come with ).   Anyway, Im not sure what is going on, but Im afaid something could be seriously messed up. I am not sure if this was all caused by the meds or by the food. I am in so much pain. Please help. Thanks
8y60qe,458,466,ADR,fainting,levaquin,levaquin,Period in the middle of birth control?? Okay. This is a very long story but I don't know what else to do.   Thursday I went to the sinus doctor, got a CT scan done and discovered I had many problems. To avoid surgery, I was put on another round of antibiotics(after I had failed three rounds) to try and clear up the problems. I was prescribed a seriously intense brand called Levaquin, which side effects include:  diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, hemorrhaging, fainting, etc. The doctor talked about these with me, and although I had no problems in the past, she suggested I take some pro-biotics, so I did.   The first day of taking these new pills I went out to my favorite Vietnamese place for lunch and had a big steaming bowl of beef  pho with a shrimp spring roll . It was very yummy and I continued my day as normal. I started feeling bad around 5 o'clock and by 6 I vomited everything up so forcefully i had to blow it out my nose (gross, I know). I felt immediately better , thinking I had just had too much to eat, but then i threw up again, this time with diarrhea so bad it was very liquidy. I stopped eating and drinking and just sad on the couch in stomach pain so awful I almost thought about going to the hosptial. My stomach pain reached levels like 7 and 8 on my pain scale, and for me that was pretty high. I continuned to throw up stomach acid until 3am and that was the end of the throw up episode. During this time i had no other symptoms than intense abdominal pain in the belly button/right lower side, vomiting and bad diarrhea. I never ran a fever once.  The next day I slept for about 18 hours. I was still sick to my stomach and had been up pretty late in pain. I drank sips of water but I didnt eat. My stomach muscles were killing me, but I was getting better. I had not touched the pills since the first day.   The next couple of days I went to work, ate minimally, and slept  a lot. Then, the last 24 hours have been odd. I have started "spotting" or bleeding a little. This is odd because I have  very high dose birth control pills that I still managed to take everyday of this illness to prevent me from having month long bleeding cycles. For the sake of this post I am not sexually active. As I have gone to the bathroom through the day I have noticed more and more blood and this is scaring me. I also have awful cramps( something my normal period doesn't come with ).   Anyway, Im not sure what is going on, but Im afaid something could be seriously messed up. I am not sure if this was all caused by the meds or by the food. I am in so much pain. Please help. Thanks
8y60qe,1967,1975,ADR,spotting,levaquin,levaquin,Period in the middle of birth control?? Okay. This is a very long story but I don't know what else to do.   Thursday I went to the sinus doctor, got a CT scan done and discovered I had many problems. To avoid surgery, I was put on another round of antibiotics(after I had failed three rounds) to try and clear up the problems. I was prescribed a seriously intense brand called Levaquin, which side effects include:  diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, hemorrhaging, fainting, etc. The doctor talked about these with me, and although I had no problems in the past, she suggested I take some pro-biotics, so I did.   The first day of taking these new pills I went out to my favorite Vietnamese place for lunch and had a big steaming bowl of beef  pho with a shrimp spring roll . It was very yummy and I continued my day as normal. I started feeling bad around 5 o'clock and by 6 I vomited everything up so forcefully i had to blow it out my nose (gross, I know). I felt immediately better , thinking I had just had too much to eat, but then i threw up again, this time with diarrhea so bad it was very liquidy. I stopped eating and drinking and just sad on the couch in stomach pain so awful I almost thought about going to the hosptial. My stomach pain reached levels like 7 and 8 on my pain scale, and for me that was pretty high. I continuned to throw up stomach acid until 3am and that was the end of the throw up episode. During this time i had no other symptoms than intense abdominal pain in the belly button/right lower side, vomiting and bad diarrhea. I never ran a fever once.  The next day I slept for about 18 hours. I was still sick to my stomach and had been up pretty late in pain. I drank sips of water but I didnt eat. My stomach muscles were killing me, but I was getting better. I had not touched the pills since the first day.   The next couple of days I went to work, ate minimally, and slept  a lot. Then, the last 24 hours have been odd. I have started "spotting" or bleeding a little. This is odd because I have  very high dose birth control pills that I still managed to take everyday of this illness to prevent me from having month long bleeding cycles. For the sake of this post I am not sexually active. As I have gone to the bathroom through the day I have noticed more and more blood and this is scaring me. I also have awful cramps( something my normal period doesn't come with ).   Anyway, Im not sure what is going on, but Im afaid something could be seriously messed up. I am not sure if this was all caused by the meds or by the food. I am in so much pain. Please help. Thanks
8xv0jj,936,944,ADR,allergic,bactrim,bactrim,I've had chronic testicular pain and mild progressive atrophy over the past 3-4 years.Causes? This could be a long post, but i'll try to keep it direct and relevant.  Approximately 4-5 years ago (3-4.. i don't know the exacts for any of this shit) i started to have testicle pain and slight shrinkage. My testicles would kinda ache and felt for a lack of a better term "hard" (side note, not cancer, screened and ultrasounds multiple multiple times) .  The issue actually started in one testicle only, i believe my left. It started to get slightly smaller and the shape of it changed a bit. It went from an oval like a testicle should be to a bit shorter and a bit fatter (almost like inflammed but wasn't really warm)  I went to the urologist and he diagnosed me with orchitis in one testicle and prescribed cipro (years ago) i stupidly stopped after a few days after reading up on side effects. Then went on to try bactrim but had an allergic reaction. Eventually got back on the cipro and took a full dose. (could this have caused the bacteria to be resistant? apparantly when i asked the doctor about this he appeared confused when i did and so i haven't fully understood this concept. i was under the assumption that if cipro was the appropriate antibiotic for the bacteria i had, and it didn't kill them all. i dont know.)  It helped. Then i started having pain in the OTHER testicle. It started shrinking. This was shown in my ultrasounds. The size went from the usual 4cm to 3cm. The doctor said fluctations through the day are normal. Yea, right. lmao... He said itcould've been the ultrasound tech.  Through the years, i've had ultrasounds done, all with different techs, showing slight decreases in size, and increases in height and girth (inflammed and fat, shrinking length. makes sense.)  Urine sample and culture clean. Sperm count showed 35mill. At 21-22 years old when those tests were done. My friends were over 100.  He did the thing with a tube in my penis to check for "defects" throughout my urinary tract and a prostate sample. All normal i believe he said. I was also later treated with 2.5 weeks of levaquin. Infectious disease doctor was stumped too, but because this issue is so specialized i doubt he'd know a whole lot. Multiple rounds of doxy as well and roceph and azithro. I know someone will say "you covered all bacteria" but did i? Did i cover anaerobic and aerobic? Sperm culture for aerobic and anaerobic showed no infection. Sperm count also showed mild leukocytes. I should have no leukocytes. That's weird.  My spontaneous erections decreased rapidly, i never get them anymore. I'm only 25. No way is it "getting older" that's a complete joke and to dismiss a claim out of pure laziness.  What's the deal? Oh also, ultrasound showed two very minor varicocoles but according to the docs they couldn't even palpate and said that statistically tiny ones shouldn't cause any issues or issues like this. Two very mild hydroceles. Hydroceles are reactionary according to my research. I never had any of this shit before except a mild benign epididymal cyst.  No way that shit just all popped up for no reason at all. What gives?
8zp7ti,150,161,ADR,weight gain,aripiprazole,aripiprazole,Started Aripiprazole today. According to my pdoc aripiprazole can help you lose weight compared to quetiapine.  I noticed in the patient leaflet that weight gain or loss is listed as rare unquantifiable figure.  Is this drug better at keeping the weight off as quetiapine or just the same?  And also does it help with mania which is what it is prescribed for, just from other people's experiences?
8ylae3,14,21,ADR,anxiety,memantine,memantine,Memantine for anxiety, panic attacks, depression Hi, recently I got a script for 10mg Memantine as an off-label treatment for my long-term and severe anxiety and depression problems. I tried over 50+ medications with different therapies and various supplements.... nothing seems to work for me. Meds either helped me short-term or didn't help at all (sometimes even made things worse).  I am in a terrible state. I have severe anxiety and panic attacks on a daily basis and I have completely isolated myself from the outside world.  Currently, I am taking Tianeptine(Coaxil) 3 x 12.5mg which can help only a little with my problems but its side effects-free.   I am still considering whether or not I should start taking this drug.  I am mostly afraid of side effects considering memantine's long half-life.   What are your experiences with memantine for treating anxiety, panic attacks and depression?  Thanks.
8ylae3,23,36,ADR,panic attacks,memantine,memantine,Memantine for anxiety, panic attacks, depression Hi, recently I got a script for 10mg Memantine as an off-label treatment for my long-term and severe anxiety and depression problems. I tried over 50+ medications with different therapies and various supplements.... nothing seems to work for me. Meds either helped me short-term or didn't help at all (sometimes even made things worse).  I am in a terrible state. I have severe anxiety and panic attacks on a daily basis and I have completely isolated myself from the outside world.  Currently, I am taking Tianeptine(Coaxil) 3 x 12.5mg which can help only a little with my problems but its side effects-free.   I am still considering whether or not I should start taking this drug.  I am mostly afraid of side effects considering memantine's long half-life.   What are your experiences with memantine for treating anxiety, panic attacks and depression?  Thanks.
8y0ocb,211,216,ADR,clots,rivaroxaban,rivaroxaban,Should I watch out for anything after stopping blood thinners? Couple days ago my doctor has given permission to finally stop my blood thinning medication (rivaroxaban). Health wise I shouldn't have any risk of clots, but I do have POTS syndrome, and I'm wondering if there is anything I should watch out for just in case? I have searched google for any information on this, but the results only come back for people who are at risk of clots, while I'm not. Also, I couldn't discuss it with my Doctor at the time as I have visits with a specialist Nurse, so I'm asking here.
8zwvr1,108,115,ADR,seizure,cymbalta,cymbalta,Home From A Stay In The Hospital. No More Cymbalta For Me... Early Monday morning (est 4am-5am ish) I had a seizure while I was sleeping. I don't remember any of it, but I do remember waking up in an ambulance and cursing out the EMT for poking me with a needle, realizing I wasn't in my bedroom but in an ambulance, being seriously confused, then going STRAIGHT into an anxiety attack. Fun times.      The EMT had explained to me "You had a seizure and you're currently on your way to TMC. Everything's going to be okay."       **Me?** *Had a seizure?* WTF? GREAT. Just throw seizures onto that big pile of fuckin' problems of mine....      My stay there was for a little under two days as my EEG and MRI came back normal, so there was no reason to keep me there as everything looked good on paper. Besides that, my doctors didn't understand *exactly why* I had a seizure. When I told them I was on **Cymbalta** for my fibromyalgia they looked at each other and said "WELL, *that could* be the reason why your sodium levels were so low, as well as what made you have the seizure. We're going to contact your doctor and stop that script for you. "     **w0t?**   It took me MONTHS, almost a YEAR to find something to finally help me with my fibromyalgia pains, and you're just going to take it away because you ASSUME it caused the seizure???? Doin' me a real F-A-N-TASTIC here, doctorbois. I mean, I'm going to stop taking the bottle I have left of course, if there's that risk, but this is just *so damn disheartening.*     So, here we are again. Me, myself, and I back at square one for how to deal with this fibro pain. Because there was another factor behind what could have possibly started the seizure (or rather could itself be mini "absence seizures") I have to go in and talk to my doctor about getting a service dog to help with everything, as well as just stopping the pill train. I think I'm going to stick with getting my medicinal marijuana card since I have problems other than just the fibro that could benefit from it. All this happening was super unexpected and a hugeeeee bummer, but that's life I suppose.      All I know is after being on bed rest for two days straight everything's so tense! They discharged me with doctors orders of, you guessed it, more bed rest. I'm legit limping around my house like Smeagle just to fill my thermos with water, and not having anything on me to help with these fibro pains in the meantime has just been splendid. :'(
8y1png,198,208,ADR,withdrawal,cymbalta,cymbalta,Going to the ER I posted last night about coming off of Cymbalta and having trouble walking.  My mom still thinks it’s fine but I’ve had enough and am finally going to the ER.  This is not a normal withdrawal symptom and if it is considered “normal” then I want it documented when I contact Eli Lilly (the makers of Cymbalta).  I’m 27 years old F, a tad under 5’9 with a BMI of 24.  Nobody is going to tell me I shouldn’t be walking when I swam multiple miles a few days ago and NO doctor is NOT going to fight with me.
8y4adf,76,93,ADR,radial neuropathy,lyrica,lyrica,How close was I to death or at least respiratory arrest? So two times I got radial neuropathy for the second time, due to a combination of opiates, benzos, lyrica and alcohol - meaning I fell asleep in such a position (probably head on arm, I don't know) that for weeks I could not really open my hand and I had to do physio/ergo-therapy to get my right hand working again.  I was just wondering - at a point where my body basically lost control of a lot of basic functions that save you from stuff like that - how far out was I from my body just not controlling my breathing or heart rate in an adequate (survivable) manor? Just interested.  Thanks for your answers.
8yaupp,133,146,ADR,hallucinogens,pristiq,pristiq,Hacked my brain with LSD MDMA If anyone has had a similar experience or experience treating depression and anxiety with serotegernic hallucinogens please share.   I’m Zero. I had a benign childhood from of epilepsy called benign rolandic epilepsy. Manifested in part of the brain responsible for learning and emotion. I was diagnosed in 94 pre post status epilepticus advances in aftercare and plasticity. Onward. Developed anger issues , insomnia and emotional restlessness afterwards with severe depression as early as 14 . Drug use ensued and precipitated to standing in the line at local 4th Reich methadone clinic at age 19. Onward. Decade of psyche wards, jails (for painting graffiti on trains) and selfish addicted depravity. Been off methadone and opiate habit for 3 years now with brief relapses using both opiates and cocaine. Using occasionally to supplement the psyche meds I was on . In the last 3 years, those being , pristiq,Zoloft, and off label use of gabapentin for anxiety. I became addicted to Gaba b agonist physically and used phenibut Hcl in conjunction with a dwindling gabapentin supply monthly. I just couldn’t kick the GABA. I went to the psyche emergency room this year pleading for them to detox me from it. The psychiatrist said there was no protocol for such which angered me as I laughed in her face rambling about how it’s similar to benzos and alcohol in how it acts on this main central nervous system transmitter. No one could help me it seemed but myself. I then abruptly stopped both Zoloft 100mg and gabapentin 3200mg daily and replaced them with alcohol(more so cause of physical dependence on GABA). Up until July 7th I was drinking 30 beers a day approximately. Onward. On the night of the 7th having drank all day while attending a 3 day music festival I returned to the campsite to find that our neighbors whom we had become friends with immediately had dosed my fiancé with Liquid LSD (consensually). I then figured I would partake in such not thinking of all I knew of the compound. Most laughter I have had in one day in ten years easily. Most beauty I have seen and felt in 10 plus years in a single night. MDMA was offered. This turned into a deep introspective therapy session between myself my fiancé and two friends who offered objective feedback. Drinking occasionally during the trip but maybe a beer every few hours. The trip ended nightmarishly introspective and while laying in my tent around 5 am until 9 am I shook violently and felt every chill through my bones while my mind raced and horror ensued. I came out my tent that morning shaking violently and felt weak. I had a sweet stink to me one I knew well,that of withdrawal from alcohol (or opiates similar stench). A new found friend who knew me inside and out essentially from the night previous said “ We bleached your skull last night zero!” While in GABA withdrawal sitting there shaking violently it hit me we actually may have actually done so. I was fearful of seizing though so I drank two beers followed by water. Until mid day I kept the alcohol regiment of a beer every three hours after the initial two followed by water intake light carbs and microdosing LSD and MDMA in the AM after the shakes subsided.Later in the evening having stopped my alcohol regiment another bigger dose of LSD was consumed (half dropper). I did this not expecting to trip but to keep what serotonin hadn’t been depleted and subsequently attempt to get at some sort of baseline and deep cleaning of harm done by Zoloft and years of anti psychotics meanwhile allowing nuero pathways to find anew. The result subjectively was not recreational on this dose. Deep chills and anxiety followed by another night of shaking and deep introspection. I awoke from restless inertia feeling oddly better. I wasn’t shaking, I didn’t have chills. I though I cup of coffee would be nice rather than a beer. I started the third day with a fattty breakfast and coffee followed by mass water consumption as well as consuming essential amino acids, tryptophan, and carbs. I slept like a baby for the first time in 3 years without a GABA agonist that night. Since, I have continued water consumption, supplementing with essential amino acids and tryptophan and I am eating everything in sight (prior having no appetite at all). It has now been 4 days since my last drink and two months since I stopped the Zoloft.  I have never felt more refreshed physically and mentally. Everything has changed for me. I plan on taking psychoactive doses of either psilocybin or lsd every 3 to 5 months followed by a micro dose once every 2 to 3 weeks. No more pastel colored inhibitors.
8yaupp,714,722,ADR,addicted,pristiq,pristiq,Hacked my brain with LSD MDMA If anyone has had a similar experience or experience treating depression and anxiety with serotegernic hallucinogens please share.   I’m Zero. I had a benign childhood from of epilepsy called benign rolandic epilepsy. Manifested in part of the brain responsible for learning and emotion. I was diagnosed in 94 pre post status epilepticus advances in aftercare and plasticity. Onward. Developed anger issues , insomnia and emotional restlessness afterwards with severe depression as early as 14 . Drug use ensued and precipitated to standing in the line at local 4th Reich methadone clinic at age 19. Onward. Decade of psyche wards, jails (for painting graffiti on trains) and selfish addicted depravity. Been off methadone and opiate habit for 3 years now with brief relapses using both opiates and cocaine. Using occasionally to supplement the psyche meds I was on . In the last 3 years, those being , pristiq,Zoloft, and off label use of gabapentin for anxiety. I became addicted to Gaba b agonist physically and used phenibut Hcl in conjunction with a dwindling gabapentin supply monthly. I just couldn’t kick the GABA. I went to the psyche emergency room this year pleading for them to detox me from it. The psychiatrist said there was no protocol for such which angered me as I laughed in her face rambling about how it’s similar to benzos and alcohol in how it acts on this main central nervous system transmitter. No one could help me it seemed but myself. I then abruptly stopped both Zoloft 100mg and gabapentin 3200mg daily and replaced them with alcohol(more so cause of physical dependence on GABA). Up until July 7th I was drinking 30 beers a day approximately. Onward. On the night of the 7th having drank all day while attending a 3 day music festival I returned to the campsite to find that our neighbors whom we had become friends with immediately had dosed my fiancé with Liquid LSD (consensually). I then figured I would partake in such not thinking of all I knew of the compound. Most laughter I have had in one day in ten years easily. Most beauty I have seen and felt in 10 plus years in a single night. MDMA was offered. This turned into a deep introspective therapy session between myself my fiancé and two friends who offered objective feedback. Drinking occasionally during the trip but maybe a beer every few hours. The trip ended nightmarishly introspective and while laying in my tent around 5 am until 9 am I shook violently and felt every chill through my bones while my mind raced and horror ensued. I came out my tent that morning shaking violently and felt weak. I had a sweet stink to me one I knew well,that of withdrawal from alcohol (or opiates similar stench). A new found friend who knew me inside and out essentially from the night previous said “ We bleached your skull last night zero!” While in GABA withdrawal sitting there shaking violently it hit me we actually may have actually done so. I was fearful of seizing though so I drank two beers followed by water. Until mid day I kept the alcohol regiment of a beer every three hours after the initial two followed by water intake light carbs and microdosing LSD and MDMA in the AM after the shakes subsided.Later in the evening having stopped my alcohol regiment another bigger dose of LSD was consumed (half dropper). I did this not expecting to trip but to keep what serotonin hadn’t been depleted and subsequently attempt to get at some sort of baseline and deep cleaning of harm done by Zoloft and years of anti psychotics meanwhile allowing nuero pathways to find anew. The result subjectively was not recreational on this dose. Deep chills and anxiety followed by another night of shaking and deep introspection. I awoke from restless inertia feeling oddly better. I wasn’t shaking, I didn’t have chills. I though I cup of coffee would be nice rather than a beer. I started the third day with a fattty breakfast and coffee followed by mass water consumption as well as consuming essential amino acids, tryptophan, and carbs. I slept like a baby for the first time in 3 years without a GABA agonist that night. Since, I have continued water consumption, supplementing with essential amino acids and tryptophan and I am eating everything in sight (prior having no appetite at all). It has now been 4 days since my last drink and two months since I stopped the Zoloft.  I have never felt more refreshed physically and mentally. Everything has changed for me. I plan on taking psychoactive doses of either psilocybin or lsd every 3 to 5 months followed by a micro dose once every 2 to 3 weeks. No more pastel colored inhibitors.
8yaupp,2594,2611,ADR,shaking violently,pristiq,pristiq,Hacked my brain with LSD MDMA If anyone has had a similar experience or experience treating depression and anxiety with serotegernic hallucinogens please share.   I’m Zero. I had a benign childhood from of epilepsy called benign rolandic epilepsy. Manifested in part of the brain responsible for learning and emotion. I was diagnosed in 94 pre post status epilepticus advances in aftercare and plasticity. Onward. Developed anger issues , insomnia and emotional restlessness afterwards with severe depression as early as 14 . Drug use ensued and precipitated to standing in the line at local 4th Reich methadone clinic at age 19. Onward. Decade of psyche wards, jails (for painting graffiti on trains) and selfish addicted depravity. Been off methadone and opiate habit for 3 years now with brief relapses using both opiates and cocaine. Using occasionally to supplement the psyche meds I was on . In the last 3 years, those being , pristiq,Zoloft, and off label use of gabapentin for anxiety. I became addicted to Gaba b agonist physically and used phenibut Hcl in conjunction with a dwindling gabapentin supply monthly. I just couldn’t kick the GABA. I went to the psyche emergency room this year pleading for them to detox me from it. The psychiatrist said there was no protocol for such which angered me as I laughed in her face rambling about how it’s similar to benzos and alcohol in how it acts on this main central nervous system transmitter. No one could help me it seemed but myself. I then abruptly stopped both Zoloft 100mg and gabapentin 3200mg daily and replaced them with alcohol(more so cause of physical dependence on GABA). Up until July 7th I was drinking 30 beers a day approximately. Onward. On the night of the 7th having drank all day while attending a 3 day music festival I returned to the campsite to find that our neighbors whom we had become friends with immediately had dosed my fiancé with Liquid LSD (consensually). I then figured I would partake in such not thinking of all I knew of the compound. Most laughter I have had in one day in ten years easily. Most beauty I have seen and felt in 10 plus years in a single night. MDMA was offered. This turned into a deep introspective therapy session between myself my fiancé and two friends who offered objective feedback. Drinking occasionally during the trip but maybe a beer every few hours. The trip ended nightmarishly introspective and while laying in my tent around 5 am until 9 am I shook violently and felt every chill through my bones while my mind raced and horror ensued. I came out my tent that morning shaking violently and felt weak. I had a sweet stink to me one I knew well,that of withdrawal from alcohol (or opiates similar stench). A new found friend who knew me inside and out essentially from the night previous said “ We bleached your skull last night zero!” While in GABA withdrawal sitting there shaking violently it hit me we actually may have actually done so. I was fearful of seizing though so I drank two beers followed by water. Until mid day I kept the alcohol regiment of a beer every three hours after the initial two followed by water intake light carbs and microdosing LSD and MDMA in the AM after the shakes subsided.Later in the evening having stopped my alcohol regiment another bigger dose of LSD was consumed (half dropper). I did this not expecting to trip but to keep what serotonin hadn’t been depleted and subsequently attempt to get at some sort of baseline and deep cleaning of harm done by Zoloft and years of anti psychotics meanwhile allowing nuero pathways to find anew. The result subjectively was not recreational on this dose. Deep chills and anxiety followed by another night of shaking and deep introspection. I awoke from restless inertia feeling oddly better. I wasn’t shaking, I didn’t have chills. I though I cup of coffee would be nice rather than a beer. I started the third day with a fattty breakfast and coffee followed by mass water consumption as well as consuming essential amino acids, tryptophan, and carbs. I slept like a baby for the first time in 3 years without a GABA agonist that night. Since, I have continued water consumption, supplementing with essential amino acids and tryptophan and I am eating everything in sight (prior having no appetite at all). It has now been 4 days since my last drink and two months since I stopped the Zoloft.  I have never felt more refreshed physically and mentally. Everything has changed for me. I plan on taking psychoactive doses of either psilocybin or lsd every 3 to 5 months followed by a micro dose once every 2 to 3 weeks. No more pastel colored inhibitors.
8yaupp,2677,2687,ADR,withdrawal,pristiq,pristiq,Hacked my brain with LSD MDMA If anyone has had a similar experience or experience treating depression and anxiety with serotegernic hallucinogens please share.   I’m Zero. I had a benign childhood from of epilepsy called benign rolandic epilepsy. Manifested in part of the brain responsible for learning and emotion. I was diagnosed in 94 pre post status epilepticus advances in aftercare and plasticity. Onward. Developed anger issues , insomnia and emotional restlessness afterwards with severe depression as early as 14 . Drug use ensued and precipitated to standing in the line at local 4th Reich methadone clinic at age 19. Onward. Decade of psyche wards, jails (for painting graffiti on trains) and selfish addicted depravity. Been off methadone and opiate habit for 3 years now with brief relapses using both opiates and cocaine. Using occasionally to supplement the psyche meds I was on . In the last 3 years, those being , pristiq,Zoloft, and off label use of gabapentin for anxiety. I became addicted to Gaba b agonist physically and used phenibut Hcl in conjunction with a dwindling gabapentin supply monthly. I just couldn’t kick the GABA. I went to the psyche emergency room this year pleading for them to detox me from it. The psychiatrist said there was no protocol for such which angered me as I laughed in her face rambling about how it’s similar to benzos and alcohol in how it acts on this main central nervous system transmitter. No one could help me it seemed but myself. I then abruptly stopped both Zoloft 100mg and gabapentin 3200mg daily and replaced them with alcohol(more so cause of physical dependence on GABA). Up until July 7th I was drinking 30 beers a day approximately. Onward. On the night of the 7th having drank all day while attending a 3 day music festival I returned to the campsite to find that our neighbors whom we had become friends with immediately had dosed my fiancé with Liquid LSD (consensually). I then figured I would partake in such not thinking of all I knew of the compound. Most laughter I have had in one day in ten years easily. Most beauty I have seen and felt in 10 plus years in a single night. MDMA was offered. This turned into a deep introspective therapy session between myself my fiancé and two friends who offered objective feedback. Drinking occasionally during the trip but maybe a beer every few hours. The trip ended nightmarishly introspective and while laying in my tent around 5 am until 9 am I shook violently and felt every chill through my bones while my mind raced and horror ensued. I came out my tent that morning shaking violently and felt weak. I had a sweet stink to me one I knew well,that of withdrawal from alcohol (or opiates similar stench). A new found friend who knew me inside and out essentially from the night previous said “ We bleached your skull last night zero!” While in GABA withdrawal sitting there shaking violently it hit me we actually may have actually done so. I was fearful of seizing though so I drank two beers followed by water. Until mid day I kept the alcohol regiment of a beer every three hours after the initial two followed by water intake light carbs and microdosing LSD and MDMA in the AM after the shakes subsided.Later in the evening having stopped my alcohol regiment another bigger dose of LSD was consumed (half dropper). I did this not expecting to trip but to keep what serotonin hadn’t been depleted and subsequently attempt to get at some sort of baseline and deep cleaning of harm done by Zoloft and years of anti psychotics meanwhile allowing nuero pathways to find anew. The result subjectively was not recreational on this dose. Deep chills and anxiety followed by another night of shaking and deep introspection. I awoke from restless inertia feeling oddly better. I wasn’t shaking, I didn’t have chills. I though I cup of coffee would be nice rather than a beer. I started the third day with a fattty breakfast and coffee followed by mass water consumption as well as consuming essential amino acids, tryptophan, and carbs. I slept like a baby for the first time in 3 years without a GABA agonist that night. Since, I have continued water consumption, supplementing with essential amino acids and tryptophan and I am eating everything in sight (prior having no appetite at all). It has now been 4 days since my last drink and two months since I stopped the Zoloft.  I have never felt more refreshed physically and mentally. Everything has changed for me. I plan on taking psychoactive doses of either psilocybin or lsd every 3 to 5 months followed by a micro dose once every 2 to 3 weeks. No more pastel colored inhibitors.
8yaupp,107,114,ADR,anxiety,pristiq,pristiq,Hacked my brain with LSD MDMA If anyone has had a similar experience or experience treating depression and anxiety with serotegernic hallucinogens please share.   I’m Zero. I had a benign childhood from of epilepsy called benign rolandic epilepsy. Manifested in part of the brain responsible for learning and emotion. I was diagnosed in 94 pre post status epilepticus advances in aftercare and plasticity. Onward. Developed anger issues , insomnia and emotional restlessness afterwards with severe depression as early as 14 . Drug use ensued and precipitated to standing in the line at local 4th Reich methadone clinic at age 19. Onward. Decade of psyche wards, jails (for painting graffiti on trains) and selfish addicted depravity. Been off methadone and opiate habit for 3 years now with brief relapses using both opiates and cocaine. Using occasionally to supplement the psyche meds I was on . In the last 3 years, those being , pristiq,Zoloft, and off label use of gabapentin for anxiety. I became addicted to Gaba b agonist physically and used phenibut Hcl in conjunction with a dwindling gabapentin supply monthly. I just couldn’t kick the GABA. I went to the psyche emergency room this year pleading for them to detox me from it. The psychiatrist said there was no protocol for such which angered me as I laughed in her face rambling about how it’s similar to benzos and alcohol in how it acts on this main central nervous system transmitter. No one could help me it seemed but myself. I then abruptly stopped both Zoloft 100mg and gabapentin 3200mg daily and replaced them with alcohol(more so cause of physical dependence on GABA). Up until July 7th I was drinking 30 beers a day approximately. Onward. On the night of the 7th having drank all day while attending a 3 day music festival I returned to the campsite to find that our neighbors whom we had become friends with immediately had dosed my fiancé with Liquid LSD (consensually). I then figured I would partake in such not thinking of all I knew of the compound. Most laughter I have had in one day in ten years easily. Most beauty I have seen and felt in 10 plus years in a single night. MDMA was offered. This turned into a deep introspective therapy session between myself my fiancé and two friends who offered objective feedback. Drinking occasionally during the trip but maybe a beer every few hours. The trip ended nightmarishly introspective and while laying in my tent around 5 am until 9 am I shook violently and felt every chill through my bones while my mind raced and horror ensued. I came out my tent that morning shaking violently and felt weak. I had a sweet stink to me one I knew well,that of withdrawal from alcohol (or opiates similar stench). A new found friend who knew me inside and out essentially from the night previous said “ We bleached your skull last night zero!” While in GABA withdrawal sitting there shaking violently it hit me we actually may have actually done so. I was fearful of seizing though so I drank two beers followed by water. Until mid day I kept the alcohol regiment of a beer every three hours after the initial two followed by water intake light carbs and microdosing LSD and MDMA in the AM after the shakes subsided.Later in the evening having stopped my alcohol regiment another bigger dose of LSD was consumed (half dropper). I did this not expecting to trip but to keep what serotonin hadn’t been depleted and subsequently attempt to get at some sort of baseline and deep cleaning of harm done by Zoloft and years of anti psychotics meanwhile allowing nuero pathways to find anew. The result subjectively was not recreational on this dose. Deep chills and anxiety followed by another night of shaking and deep introspection. I awoke from restless inertia feeling oddly better. I wasn’t shaking, I didn’t have chills. I though I cup of coffee would be nice rather than a beer. I started the third day with a fattty breakfast and coffee followed by mass water consumption as well as consuming essential amino acids, tryptophan, and carbs. I slept like a baby for the first time in 3 years without a GABA agonist that night. Since, I have continued water consumption, supplementing with essential amino acids and tryptophan and I am eating everything in sight (prior having no appetite at all). It has now been 4 days since my last drink and two months since I stopped the Zoloft.  I have never felt more refreshed physically and mentally. Everything has changed for me. I plan on taking psychoactive doses of either psilocybin or lsd every 3 to 5 months followed by a micro dose once every 2 to 3 weeks. No more pastel colored inhibitors.
8ztgwd,2111,2127,ADR,Long QT syndrome,synthroid,synthroid,Possible ripped stitches post hysterectomy from vomiting? This is going to be really long, sorry. But it's relevant, I think.  32 , Female  4'11/108 lbs White/Hispanic  Started Sunday 7/15  Vagina/ lower pelvis, Utah  Medical history:  Partial thyroid removal 10/2012. I have made a few attempts to start medication but I keep having thyroid storms. Last one was Jan 2016 when I was prescribed 25mcg of Synthroid, and had started with the pills cut in half.  Transvaginal Hysterectomy (without larposcopic guidance) on 6/19. This was for a moderate uterine prolapse. I'm done having kids and the surgery was the best outcome possible for me.    I also have low blood pressure, it averages around 85/50. Actually had to get cleared by a cardiologist to have the hysterectomy.  Took one extra strength Tylenol yesterday, otherwise no current medications.  ***  My hysterectomy was text book perfect as far as the procedure went. My cervix, uterus and both fallopian tubes were removed without incident. I did not come out of surgery very well and ended up having to get an EKG about 6 hours after because my blood pressure kept going haywire and I kept having episodes of wanting to stop breathing, then I'd get really sad and then my pulse and oxygen levels would drop with my blood pressure going haywire. My discharge nurse told me that I should not have been given Percocet after waking up because my blood pressure was too low to handle it. Pain management at home was rotating through precription ibprofen and two over the counter extra strength Tylenol. I only had to do this for 8 days, and pain never went over a 4.  Prior to my hysterectomy, I was moderately active with a weight training regimen 1 to 2 times a week, and I keep my calorie intake to 1200 to 1400 a day. Despite being stationary I have not gained weight since my surgery; I've lost maybe a pound?   Prior to my surgery, I saw a cardiologist for a semi unrelated issue. I have a two year history of "anxiety", but coupled with my blood pressure, my deafness, and the thyroid storms, and my medical history; the cardiologist thinks I have Long QT syndrome and more specifically, JLNS. I had to wear one of those heart monitors for three weeks starting on 6/11 and I had a stress test on 6/15 so I could be cleared for my hysterectomy. I follow up with him on 7/30.   I'm prone to having "anxiety attacks" without rhyme or reason. 90% of them happen prior to needing to have a bowel movement; my blood pressure will spike up to around 115/90  and my heart rate will go over 120 prior to a visit to the toilet and will drop back to normal around 10 minutes later. The rest of the time it's either weird random things, like going out on a date with my husband or meeting friends or various other social situations.  I was told on 7/5 at my first follow up that I was good to go to start walking as long as I could tolerate it and going out and about, I was cleared to drive, and I was healing much faster than anticipated, I had stopped pain management early, bloating was gone in 4 days, I have followed instructions to the letter with no baths, insertions of any kind and kept to bedrest the first two weeks while not staying in bed for too long, ice pack rotating and never letting my bladder get overfull. I was actually given the go ahead to resume external genital stimulation, and have had around 8 or so orgasms without any incident, my last one was on 7/12.  So relevant to this situation on Sunday, I had a hair appointment for our anniversary date night to the opera with my husband and I was planning on leaving a little early to do last minute shopping, but I had gotten three blocks away from my house before I started dry heaving and had to turn back. Got home, and threw up and immediately felt better. Got my hair done, got home, got dressed, dropped our kids off at my in-laws and had a wonderful date with no issues. Super calm, relaxed. We got excellent parking and dinner was two minutes away from the theatre by foot.  Got to my in-laws house afterwards and I went to the bathroom and saw that I had spotted, I did not need to use the bathroom while out on the date. Didn't know what to make of it, especially because I had been experiencing really bad cramping the night before and earlier that day, my ovaries were left in so it was about that time for my period.   I called my surgeons office the next day and spoke with the nurse. She said the cramping was due to ovulation (but that would have been 2 weeks ago and I have never gotten mittelschmerz), and because there's no uterus to cramp anymore, I was likely imagining things and it  was probably from walking too much and I popped stitches, even though the cramping was before, and actually stopped when I was walking around. I had forgotten to mention I had thrown up.  The nurse said not to worry about the bleeding unless it was bright red and if I'm also bleeding at a similar rate as to when I get my periods but they were always moderate anyway. It's currently dark brown and isn't letting up after going back on bedrest, it's slowly getting heavier but not at an alarming rate. Almost no pain at all either, no fever and my blood pressure and heart rate are stable. I'd call it moderate spotting.  I'm not sure at this point if I need to call the nurse back in the morning and mention I forgot to tell her I threw up or if it's even worth doing that, and if I also need to go see my GP to get put on anti nausea medication or something fast acting to keep my heart rate from going haywire and causing a vomiting episode.
8ztgwd,2360,2375,ADR,anxiety attacks,synthroid,synthroid,Possible ripped stitches post hysterectomy from vomiting? This is going to be really long, sorry. But it's relevant, I think.  32 , Female  4'11/108 lbs White/Hispanic  Started Sunday 7/15  Vagina/ lower pelvis, Utah  Medical history:  Partial thyroid removal 10/2012. I have made a few attempts to start medication but I keep having thyroid storms. Last one was Jan 2016 when I was prescribed 25mcg of Synthroid, and had started with the pills cut in half.  Transvaginal Hysterectomy (without larposcopic guidance) on 6/19. This was for a moderate uterine prolapse. I'm done having kids and the surgery was the best outcome possible for me.    I also have low blood pressure, it averages around 85/50. Actually had to get cleared by a cardiologist to have the hysterectomy.  Took one extra strength Tylenol yesterday, otherwise no current medications.  ***  My hysterectomy was text book perfect as far as the procedure went. My cervix, uterus and both fallopian tubes were removed without incident. I did not come out of surgery very well and ended up having to get an EKG about 6 hours after because my blood pressure kept going haywire and I kept having episodes of wanting to stop breathing, then I'd get really sad and then my pulse and oxygen levels would drop with my blood pressure going haywire. My discharge nurse told me that I should not have been given Percocet after waking up because my blood pressure was too low to handle it. Pain management at home was rotating through precription ibprofen and two over the counter extra strength Tylenol. I only had to do this for 8 days, and pain never went over a 4.  Prior to my hysterectomy, I was moderately active with a weight training regimen 1 to 2 times a week, and I keep my calorie intake to 1200 to 1400 a day. Despite being stationary I have not gained weight since my surgery; I've lost maybe a pound?   Prior to my surgery, I saw a cardiologist for a semi unrelated issue. I have a two year history of "anxiety", but coupled with my blood pressure, my deafness, and the thyroid storms, and my medical history; the cardiologist thinks I have Long QT syndrome and more specifically, JLNS. I had to wear one of those heart monitors for three weeks starting on 6/11 and I had a stress test on 6/15 so I could be cleared for my hysterectomy. I follow up with him on 7/30.   I'm prone to having "anxiety attacks" without rhyme or reason. 90% of them happen prior to needing to have a bowel movement; my blood pressure will spike up to around 115/90  and my heart rate will go over 120 prior to a visit to the toilet and will drop back to normal around 10 minutes later. The rest of the time it's either weird random things, like going out on a date with my husband or meeting friends or various other social situations.  I was told on 7/5 at my first follow up that I was good to go to start walking as long as I could tolerate it and going out and about, I was cleared to drive, and I was healing much faster than anticipated, I had stopped pain management early, bloating was gone in 4 days, I have followed instructions to the letter with no baths, insertions of any kind and kept to bedrest the first two weeks while not staying in bed for too long, ice pack rotating and never letting my bladder get overfull. I was actually given the go ahead to resume external genital stimulation, and have had around 8 or so orgasms without any incident, my last one was on 7/12.  So relevant to this situation on Sunday, I had a hair appointment for our anniversary date night to the opera with my husband and I was planning on leaving a little early to do last minute shopping, but I had gotten three blocks away from my house before I started dry heaving and had to turn back. Got home, and threw up and immediately felt better. Got my hair done, got home, got dressed, dropped our kids off at my in-laws and had a wonderful date with no issues. Super calm, relaxed. We got excellent parking and dinner was two minutes away from the theatre by foot.  Got to my in-laws house afterwards and I went to the bathroom and saw that I had spotted, I did not need to use the bathroom while out on the date. Didn't know what to make of it, especially because I had been experiencing really bad cramping the night before and earlier that day, my ovaries were left in so it was about that time for my period.   I called my surgeons office the next day and spoke with the nurse. She said the cramping was due to ovulation (but that would have been 2 weeks ago and I have never gotten mittelschmerz), and because there's no uterus to cramp anymore, I was likely imagining things and it  was probably from walking too much and I popped stitches, even though the cramping was before, and actually stopped when I was walking around. I had forgotten to mention I had thrown up.  The nurse said not to worry about the bleeding unless it was bright red and if I'm also bleeding at a similar rate as to when I get my periods but they were always moderate anyway. It's currently dark brown and isn't letting up after going back on bedrest, it's slowly getting heavier but not at an alarming rate. Almost no pain at all either, no fever and my blood pressure and heart rate are stable. I'd call it moderate spotting.  I'm not sure at this point if I need to call the nurse back in the morning and mention I forgot to tell her I threw up or if it's even worth doing that, and if I also need to go see my GP to get put on anti nausea medication or something fast acting to keep my heart rate from going haywire and causing a vomiting episode.
8ztgwd,5462,5468,ADR,nausea,synthroid,synthroid,Possible ripped stitches post hysterectomy from vomiting? This is going to be really long, sorry. But it's relevant, I think.  32 , Female  4'11/108 lbs White/Hispanic  Started Sunday 7/15  Vagina/ lower pelvis, Utah  Medical history:  Partial thyroid removal 10/2012. I have made a few attempts to start medication but I keep having thyroid storms. Last one was Jan 2016 when I was prescribed 25mcg of Synthroid, and had started with the pills cut in half.  Transvaginal Hysterectomy (without larposcopic guidance) on 6/19. This was for a moderate uterine prolapse. I'm done having kids and the surgery was the best outcome possible for me.    I also have low blood pressure, it averages around 85/50. Actually had to get cleared by a cardiologist to have the hysterectomy.  Took one extra strength Tylenol yesterday, otherwise no current medications.  ***  My hysterectomy was text book perfect as far as the procedure went. My cervix, uterus and both fallopian tubes were removed without incident. I did not come out of surgery very well and ended up having to get an EKG about 6 hours after because my blood pressure kept going haywire and I kept having episodes of wanting to stop breathing, then I'd get really sad and then my pulse and oxygen levels would drop with my blood pressure going haywire. My discharge nurse told me that I should not have been given Percocet after waking up because my blood pressure was too low to handle it. Pain management at home was rotating through precription ibprofen and two over the counter extra strength Tylenol. I only had to do this for 8 days, and pain never went over a 4.  Prior to my hysterectomy, I was moderately active with a weight training regimen 1 to 2 times a week, and I keep my calorie intake to 1200 to 1400 a day. Despite being stationary I have not gained weight since my surgery; I've lost maybe a pound?   Prior to my surgery, I saw a cardiologist for a semi unrelated issue. I have a two year history of "anxiety", but coupled with my blood pressure, my deafness, and the thyroid storms, and my medical history; the cardiologist thinks I have Long QT syndrome and more specifically, JLNS. I had to wear one of those heart monitors for three weeks starting on 6/11 and I had a stress test on 6/15 so I could be cleared for my hysterectomy. I follow up with him on 7/30.   I'm prone to having "anxiety attacks" without rhyme or reason. 90% of them happen prior to needing to have a bowel movement; my blood pressure will spike up to around 115/90  and my heart rate will go over 120 prior to a visit to the toilet and will drop back to normal around 10 minutes later. The rest of the time it's either weird random things, like going out on a date with my husband or meeting friends or various other social situations.  I was told on 7/5 at my first follow up that I was good to go to start walking as long as I could tolerate it and going out and about, I was cleared to drive, and I was healing much faster than anticipated, I had stopped pain management early, bloating was gone in 4 days, I have followed instructions to the letter with no baths, insertions of any kind and kept to bedrest the first two weeks while not staying in bed for too long, ice pack rotating and never letting my bladder get overfull. I was actually given the go ahead to resume external genital stimulation, and have had around 8 or so orgasms without any incident, my last one was on 7/12.  So relevant to this situation on Sunday, I had a hair appointment for our anniversary date night to the opera with my husband and I was planning on leaving a little early to do last minute shopping, but I had gotten three blocks away from my house before I started dry heaving and had to turn back. Got home, and threw up and immediately felt better. Got my hair done, got home, got dressed, dropped our kids off at my in-laws and had a wonderful date with no issues. Super calm, relaxed. We got excellent parking and dinner was two minutes away from the theatre by foot.  Got to my in-laws house afterwards and I went to the bathroom and saw that I had spotted, I did not need to use the bathroom while out on the date. Didn't know what to make of it, especially because I had been experiencing really bad cramping the night before and earlier that day, my ovaries were left in so it was about that time for my period.   I called my surgeons office the next day and spoke with the nurse. She said the cramping was due to ovulation (but that would have been 2 weeks ago and I have never gotten mittelschmerz), and because there's no uterus to cramp anymore, I was likely imagining things and it  was probably from walking too much and I popped stitches, even though the cramping was before, and actually stopped when I was walking around. I had forgotten to mention I had thrown up.  The nurse said not to worry about the bleeding unless it was bright red and if I'm also bleeding at a similar rate as to when I get my periods but they were always moderate anyway. It's currently dark brown and isn't letting up after going back on bedrest, it's slowly getting heavier but not at an alarming rate. Almost no pain at all either, no fever and my blood pressure and heart rate are stable. I'd call it moderate spotting.  I'm not sure at this point if I need to call the nurse back in the morning and mention I forgot to tell her I threw up or if it's even worth doing that, and if I also need to go see my GP to get put on anti nausea medication or something fast acting to keep my heart rate from going haywire and causing a vomiting episode.
8ztgwd,48,56,ADR,vomiting,synthroid,synthroid,Possible ripped stitches post hysterectomy from vomiting? This is going to be really long, sorry. But it's relevant, I think.  32 , Female  4'11/108 lbs White/Hispanic  Started Sunday 7/15  Vagina/ lower pelvis, Utah  Medical history:  Partial thyroid removal 10/2012. I have made a few attempts to start medication but I keep having thyroid storms. Last one was Jan 2016 when I was prescribed 25mcg of Synthroid, and had started with the pills cut in half.  Transvaginal Hysterectomy (without larposcopic guidance) on 6/19. This was for a moderate uterine prolapse. I'm done having kids and the surgery was the best outcome possible for me.    I also have low blood pressure, it averages around 85/50. Actually had to get cleared by a cardiologist to have the hysterectomy.  Took one extra strength Tylenol yesterday, otherwise no current medications.  ***  My hysterectomy was text book perfect as far as the procedure went. My cervix, uterus and both fallopian tubes were removed without incident. I did not come out of surgery very well and ended up having to get an EKG about 6 hours after because my blood pressure kept going haywire and I kept having episodes of wanting to stop breathing, then I'd get really sad and then my pulse and oxygen levels would drop with my blood pressure going haywire. My discharge nurse told me that I should not have been given Percocet after waking up because my blood pressure was too low to handle it. Pain management at home was rotating through precription ibprofen and two over the counter extra strength Tylenol. I only had to do this for 8 days, and pain never went over a 4.  Prior to my hysterectomy, I was moderately active with a weight training regimen 1 to 2 times a week, and I keep my calorie intake to 1200 to 1400 a day. Despite being stationary I have not gained weight since my surgery; I've lost maybe a pound?   Prior to my surgery, I saw a cardiologist for a semi unrelated issue. I have a two year history of "anxiety", but coupled with my blood pressure, my deafness, and the thyroid storms, and my medical history; the cardiologist thinks I have Long QT syndrome and more specifically, JLNS. I had to wear one of those heart monitors for three weeks starting on 6/11 and I had a stress test on 6/15 so I could be cleared for my hysterectomy. I follow up with him on 7/30.   I'm prone to having "anxiety attacks" without rhyme or reason. 90% of them happen prior to needing to have a bowel movement; my blood pressure will spike up to around 115/90  and my heart rate will go over 120 prior to a visit to the toilet and will drop back to normal around 10 minutes later. The rest of the time it's either weird random things, like going out on a date with my husband or meeting friends or various other social situations.  I was told on 7/5 at my first follow up that I was good to go to start walking as long as I could tolerate it and going out and about, I was cleared to drive, and I was healing much faster than anticipated, I had stopped pain management early, bloating was gone in 4 days, I have followed instructions to the letter with no baths, insertions of any kind and kept to bedrest the first two weeks while not staying in bed for too long, ice pack rotating and never letting my bladder get overfull. I was actually given the go ahead to resume external genital stimulation, and have had around 8 or so orgasms without any incident, my last one was on 7/12.  So relevant to this situation on Sunday, I had a hair appointment for our anniversary date night to the opera with my husband and I was planning on leaving a little early to do last minute shopping, but I had gotten three blocks away from my house before I started dry heaving and had to turn back. Got home, and threw up and immediately felt better. Got my hair done, got home, got dressed, dropped our kids off at my in-laws and had a wonderful date with no issues. Super calm, relaxed. We got excellent parking and dinner was two minutes away from the theatre by foot.  Got to my in-laws house afterwards and I went to the bathroom and saw that I had spotted, I did not need to use the bathroom while out on the date. Didn't know what to make of it, especially because I had been experiencing really bad cramping the night before and earlier that day, my ovaries were left in so it was about that time for my period.   I called my surgeons office the next day and spoke with the nurse. She said the cramping was due to ovulation (but that would have been 2 weeks ago and I have never gotten mittelschmerz), and because there's no uterus to cramp anymore, I was likely imagining things and it  was probably from walking too much and I popped stitches, even though the cramping was before, and actually stopped when I was walking around. I had forgotten to mention I had thrown up.  The nurse said not to worry about the bleeding unless it was bright red and if I'm also bleeding at a similar rate as to when I get my periods but they were always moderate anyway. It's currently dark brown and isn't letting up after going back on bedrest, it's slowly getting heavier but not at an alarming rate. Almost no pain at all either, no fever and my blood pressure and heart rate are stable. I'd call it moderate spotting.  I'm not sure at this point if I need to call the nurse back in the morning and mention I forgot to tell her I threw up or if it's even worth doing that, and if I also need to go see my GP to get put on anti nausea medication or something fast acting to keep my heart rate from going haywire and causing a vomiting episode.
8zg744,0,11,ADR,Weight loss,synthroid,synthroid,Weight loss from over medication with Synthroid? Has anyone experienced weight loss when they were over medicated with Synthroid? I just found out today that my synthroid dose is too high. I have also lost 30 pounds in the past 6 months. Just wanted to see what the weight loss is like with other people so I can determine whether it was the Synthroid or another medication I had started.
8ym91b,0,13,ADR,Tingling pins,synthroid,synthroid,Tingling pins and needles all over body Hi I am a 29/M 140 5’7. I’ve been experiencing tingling pins and needles all over my body. It seems to worsen with heat. For instance if I get into my car and it’s been sitting in the sun for hours than my symptoms are much more intense. I do have hypothyroidism and have been taking synthroid for years, but I’ve never had these symptoms and don’t think that there’s any correlation. Any input would be seriously appreciated.
8ye4np,495,502,ADR,fatigue,synthroid,synthroid,Pulled blood 3 months after getting diagnosed with hypo, took medicine for 3 weeks and now my blood says its in normal range? So I was really tired all the time and shaking, so I went to the doctor and they tested my blood and it came back showing that my t3 was low and my TSH was at 4.7225. They gave me 25mcg of thyroid medication, I took it for about 3 weeks and then stopped because my other doctor friend said my results were borderline.   Now it is 2 months later and I have had a lot of fatigue, I always am falling asleep, and can't stay up late cause I just pass out from being so tired. I'll wake up after 9 hours of sleep and want to take a nap 2 hours later.  I went back to the doctor yesterday and got synthroid again and they restested my TSH and it came back with 2.42 which is in the normal range. What is going on?
8zvq2g,596,612,ADR,severe dizziness,lamictal,lamictal,Need help coping with? accepting? a diagnosis of BP2 I have been struggling with the symptoms for about 3 years (or longer), though thinking it was depression/just life. At first, I was almost trying to collect the disorders (depression, bipolar) but when I was diagnosed with depression, I then felt ashamed and consigned to that fate. Eventually, I accepted it and tried to figure out what to do (medications, therapy, coping skills, exercise, support from family and friends).  Well none of the anti-depressants helped more than they harmed. I had some bad side effects (such as increased SI, severe dizziness and chest pain, anxiety which I didn't really have before, insomnia, lethargic, lack of interest in things, and one may have pushed me into hypomanic states more often with increased distress). But few of them actually noticeably helped the depression symptoms.  A couple therapist for my wife and I was actually the first person to suggest BP which I dismissed since a previous personal therapist said no and a doctor said no. But as I kept thinking about it, I actually could produce specific examples of hypomanic episodes such as starting intense creative projects and then crashing without warning during them, despite things going well. Anyways I won't go into all of that right now.  At that point, because it had been suggested and none of the other meds worked, I again almost became obsessed with trying to collect the diagnosis. I went to a rapid access psych consult (it was the only option available based on the circumstances) and the psychiatrist suggested my story fit bipolar 2 but didn't just want to give me a diagnosis, but made a few suggested changes to medications for my doctor.  He started me on lamictal which seemed to help at first, and then continued to help, and is still helping. That's such a weird experience considering I've always had very noticeable side effects and few positive results. At a follow up, he just refilled the lamictal and have advice for transitioning as we move. But he never specifically said I was diagnosed.  Earlier this week, I saw a resident for completely separate issue of abdominal pain and they casually asked if my only other medical condition was BP2. At first I didn't know how to answer, because I hadn't been sure I had the diagnosis. So I asked if she saw that listed on my chart or if she just assumed that was what the lamictal was for. She looked through the chart but couldn't find exactly where she saw that. I looked on the online portal which mentioned something like bipolar in remission, but then on another unrelated visit to the optometrist, the print out said bipolar 2.  So maybe it's just the way I found out about the diagnosis, or actually facing the diagnosis as a real thing instead of a maybe, but I almost feel like I can't mention it to anyone, even more so than depression. Before I got the diagnosis, I thought that bipolar might seem like more of a real thing than depression (obviously I know both can be very serious) in the sense that there is a specific pathology, whereas depression can literally be caused by anything. But like, it took me like a day to mention it to my wife and even then it was just a casual mention like "this weird thing happened where the resident said this"  My point of all this is, what do you think? What should I do? How have you learned to cope with or accept your diagnosis?
8zvq2g,617,627,ADR,chest pain,lamictal,lamictal,Need help coping with? accepting? a diagnosis of BP2 I have been struggling with the symptoms for about 3 years (or longer), though thinking it was depression/just life. At first, I was almost trying to collect the disorders (depression, bipolar) but when I was diagnosed with depression, I then felt ashamed and consigned to that fate. Eventually, I accepted it and tried to figure out what to do (medications, therapy, coping skills, exercise, support from family and friends).  Well none of the anti-depressants helped more than they harmed. I had some bad side effects (such as increased SI, severe dizziness and chest pain, anxiety which I didn't really have before, insomnia, lethargic, lack of interest in things, and one may have pushed me into hypomanic states more often with increased distress). But few of them actually noticeably helped the depression symptoms.  A couple therapist for my wife and I was actually the first person to suggest BP which I dismissed since a previous personal therapist said no and a doctor said no. But as I kept thinking about it, I actually could produce specific examples of hypomanic episodes such as starting intense creative projects and then crashing without warning during them, despite things going well. Anyways I won't go into all of that right now.  At that point, because it had been suggested and none of the other meds worked, I again almost became obsessed with trying to collect the diagnosis. I went to a rapid access psych consult (it was the only option available based on the circumstances) and the psychiatrist suggested my story fit bipolar 2 but didn't just want to give me a diagnosis, but made a few suggested changes to medications for my doctor.  He started me on lamictal which seemed to help at first, and then continued to help, and is still helping. That's such a weird experience considering I've always had very noticeable side effects and few positive results. At a follow up, he just refilled the lamictal and have advice for transitioning as we move. But he never specifically said I was diagnosed.  Earlier this week, I saw a resident for completely separate issue of abdominal pain and they casually asked if my only other medical condition was BP2. At first I didn't know how to answer, because I hadn't been sure I had the diagnosis. So I asked if she saw that listed on my chart or if she just assumed that was what the lamictal was for. She looked through the chart but couldn't find exactly where she saw that. I looked on the online portal which mentioned something like bipolar in remission, but then on another unrelated visit to the optometrist, the print out said bipolar 2.  So maybe it's just the way I found out about the diagnosis, or actually facing the diagnosis as a real thing instead of a maybe, but I almost feel like I can't mention it to anyone, even more so than depression. Before I got the diagnosis, I thought that bipolar might seem like more of a real thing than depression (obviously I know both can be very serious) in the sense that there is a specific pathology, whereas depression can literally be caused by anything. But like, it took me like a day to mention it to my wife and even then it was just a casual mention like "this weird thing happened where the resident said this"  My point of all this is, what do you think? What should I do? How have you learned to cope with or accept your diagnosis?
8zvq2g,629,636,ADR,anxiety,lamictal,lamictal,Need help coping with? accepting? a diagnosis of BP2 I have been struggling with the symptoms for about 3 years (or longer), though thinking it was depression/just life. At first, I was almost trying to collect the disorders (depression, bipolar) but when I was diagnosed with depression, I then felt ashamed and consigned to that fate. Eventually, I accepted it and tried to figure out what to do (medications, therapy, coping skills, exercise, support from family and friends).  Well none of the anti-depressants helped more than they harmed. I had some bad side effects (such as increased SI, severe dizziness and chest pain, anxiety which I didn't really have before, insomnia, lethargic, lack of interest in things, and one may have pushed me into hypomanic states more often with increased distress). But few of them actually noticeably helped the depression symptoms.  A couple therapist for my wife and I was actually the first person to suggest BP which I dismissed since a previous personal therapist said no and a doctor said no. But as I kept thinking about it, I actually could produce specific examples of hypomanic episodes such as starting intense creative projects and then crashing without warning during them, despite things going well. Anyways I won't go into all of that right now.  At that point, because it had been suggested and none of the other meds worked, I again almost became obsessed with trying to collect the diagnosis. I went to a rapid access psych consult (it was the only option available based on the circumstances) and the psychiatrist suggested my story fit bipolar 2 but didn't just want to give me a diagnosis, but made a few suggested changes to medications for my doctor.  He started me on lamictal which seemed to help at first, and then continued to help, and is still helping. That's such a weird experience considering I've always had very noticeable side effects and few positive results. At a follow up, he just refilled the lamictal and have advice for transitioning as we move. But he never specifically said I was diagnosed.  Earlier this week, I saw a resident for completely separate issue of abdominal pain and they casually asked if my only other medical condition was BP2. At first I didn't know how to answer, because I hadn't been sure I had the diagnosis. So I asked if she saw that listed on my chart or if she just assumed that was what the lamictal was for. She looked through the chart but couldn't find exactly where she saw that. I looked on the online portal which mentioned something like bipolar in remission, but then on another unrelated visit to the optometrist, the print out said bipolar 2.  So maybe it's just the way I found out about the diagnosis, or actually facing the diagnosis as a real thing instead of a maybe, but I almost feel like I can't mention it to anyone, even more so than depression. Before I got the diagnosis, I thought that bipolar might seem like more of a real thing than depression (obviously I know both can be very serious) in the sense that there is a specific pathology, whereas depression can literally be caused by anything. But like, it took me like a day to mention it to my wife and even then it was just a casual mention like "this weird thing happened where the resident said this"  My point of all this is, what do you think? What should I do? How have you learned to cope with or accept your diagnosis?
8zvq2g,672,680,ADR,insomnia,lamictal,lamictal,Need help coping with? accepting? a diagnosis of BP2 I have been struggling with the symptoms for about 3 years (or longer), though thinking it was depression/just life. At first, I was almost trying to collect the disorders (depression, bipolar) but when I was diagnosed with depression, I then felt ashamed and consigned to that fate. Eventually, I accepted it and tried to figure out what to do (medications, therapy, coping skills, exercise, support from family and friends).  Well none of the anti-depressants helped more than they harmed. I had some bad side effects (such as increased SI, severe dizziness and chest pain, anxiety which I didn't really have before, insomnia, lethargic, lack of interest in things, and one may have pushed me into hypomanic states more often with increased distress). But few of them actually noticeably helped the depression symptoms.  A couple therapist for my wife and I was actually the first person to suggest BP which I dismissed since a previous personal therapist said no and a doctor said no. But as I kept thinking about it, I actually could produce specific examples of hypomanic episodes such as starting intense creative projects and then crashing without warning during them, despite things going well. Anyways I won't go into all of that right now.  At that point, because it had been suggested and none of the other meds worked, I again almost became obsessed with trying to collect the diagnosis. I went to a rapid access psych consult (it was the only option available based on the circumstances) and the psychiatrist suggested my story fit bipolar 2 but didn't just want to give me a diagnosis, but made a few suggested changes to medications for my doctor.  He started me on lamictal which seemed to help at first, and then continued to help, and is still helping. That's such a weird experience considering I've always had very noticeable side effects and few positive results. At a follow up, he just refilled the lamictal and have advice for transitioning as we move. But he never specifically said I was diagnosed.  Earlier this week, I saw a resident for completely separate issue of abdominal pain and they casually asked if my only other medical condition was BP2. At first I didn't know how to answer, because I hadn't been sure I had the diagnosis. So I asked if she saw that listed on my chart or if she just assumed that was what the lamictal was for. She looked through the chart but couldn't find exactly where she saw that. I looked on the online portal which mentioned something like bipolar in remission, but then on another unrelated visit to the optometrist, the print out said bipolar 2.  So maybe it's just the way I found out about the diagnosis, or actually facing the diagnosis as a real thing instead of a maybe, but I almost feel like I can't mention it to anyone, even more so than depression. Before I got the diagnosis, I thought that bipolar might seem like more of a real thing than depression (obviously I know both can be very serious) in the sense that there is a specific pathology, whereas depression can literally be caused by anything. But like, it took me like a day to mention it to my wife and even then it was just a casual mention like "this weird thing happened where the resident said this"  My point of all this is, what do you think? What should I do? How have you learned to cope with or accept your diagnosis?
8zvq2g,682,691,ADR,lethargic,lamictal,lamictal,Need help coping with? accepting? a diagnosis of BP2 I have been struggling with the symptoms for about 3 years (or longer), though thinking it was depression/just life. At first, I was almost trying to collect the disorders (depression, bipolar) but when I was diagnosed with depression, I then felt ashamed and consigned to that fate. Eventually, I accepted it and tried to figure out what to do (medications, therapy, coping skills, exercise, support from family and friends).  Well none of the anti-depressants helped more than they harmed. I had some bad side effects (such as increased SI, severe dizziness and chest pain, anxiety which I didn't really have before, insomnia, lethargic, lack of interest in things, and one may have pushed me into hypomanic states more often with increased distress). But few of them actually noticeably helped the depression symptoms.  A couple therapist for my wife and I was actually the first person to suggest BP which I dismissed since a previous personal therapist said no and a doctor said no. But as I kept thinking about it, I actually could produce specific examples of hypomanic episodes such as starting intense creative projects and then crashing without warning during them, despite things going well. Anyways I won't go into all of that right now.  At that point, because it had been suggested and none of the other meds worked, I again almost became obsessed with trying to collect the diagnosis. I went to a rapid access psych consult (it was the only option available based on the circumstances) and the psychiatrist suggested my story fit bipolar 2 but didn't just want to give me a diagnosis, but made a few suggested changes to medications for my doctor.  He started me on lamictal which seemed to help at first, and then continued to help, and is still helping. That's such a weird experience considering I've always had very noticeable side effects and few positive results. At a follow up, he just refilled the lamictal and have advice for transitioning as we move. But he never specifically said I was diagnosed.  Earlier this week, I saw a resident for completely separate issue of abdominal pain and they casually asked if my only other medical condition was BP2. At first I didn't know how to answer, because I hadn't been sure I had the diagnosis. So I asked if she saw that listed on my chart or if she just assumed that was what the lamictal was for. She looked through the chart but couldn't find exactly where she saw that. I looked on the online portal which mentioned something like bipolar in remission, but then on another unrelated visit to the optometrist, the print out said bipolar 2.  So maybe it's just the way I found out about the diagnosis, or actually facing the diagnosis as a real thing instead of a maybe, but I almost feel like I can't mention it to anyone, even more so than depression. Before I got the diagnosis, I thought that bipolar might seem like more of a real thing than depression (obviously I know both can be very serious) in the sense that there is a specific pathology, whereas depression can literally be caused by anything. But like, it took me like a day to mention it to my wife and even then it was just a casual mention like "this weird thing happened where the resident said this"  My point of all this is, what do you think? What should I do? How have you learned to cope with or accept your diagnosis?
8zvq2g,753,769,ADR,hypomanic states,lamictal,lamictal,Need help coping with? accepting? a diagnosis of BP2 I have been struggling with the symptoms for about 3 years (or longer), though thinking it was depression/just life. At first, I was almost trying to collect the disorders (depression, bipolar) but when I was diagnosed with depression, I then felt ashamed and consigned to that fate. Eventually, I accepted it and tried to figure out what to do (medications, therapy, coping skills, exercise, support from family and friends).  Well none of the anti-depressants helped more than they harmed. I had some bad side effects (such as increased SI, severe dizziness and chest pain, anxiety which I didn't really have before, insomnia, lethargic, lack of interest in things, and one may have pushed me into hypomanic states more often with increased distress). But few of them actually noticeably helped the depression symptoms.  A couple therapist for my wife and I was actually the first person to suggest BP which I dismissed since a previous personal therapist said no and a doctor said no. But as I kept thinking about it, I actually could produce specific examples of hypomanic episodes such as starting intense creative projects and then crashing without warning during them, despite things going well. Anyways I won't go into all of that right now.  At that point, because it had been suggested and none of the other meds worked, I again almost became obsessed with trying to collect the diagnosis. I went to a rapid access psych consult (it was the only option available based on the circumstances) and the psychiatrist suggested my story fit bipolar 2 but didn't just want to give me a diagnosis, but made a few suggested changes to medications for my doctor.  He started me on lamictal which seemed to help at first, and then continued to help, and is still helping. That's such a weird experience considering I've always had very noticeable side effects and few positive results. At a follow up, he just refilled the lamictal and have advice for transitioning as we move. But he never specifically said I was diagnosed.  Earlier this week, I saw a resident for completely separate issue of abdominal pain and they casually asked if my only other medical condition was BP2. At first I didn't know how to answer, because I hadn't been sure I had the diagnosis. So I asked if she saw that listed on my chart or if she just assumed that was what the lamictal was for. She looked through the chart but couldn't find exactly where she saw that. I looked on the online portal which mentioned something like bipolar in remission, but then on another unrelated visit to the optometrist, the print out said bipolar 2.  So maybe it's just the way I found out about the diagnosis, or actually facing the diagnosis as a real thing instead of a maybe, but I almost feel like I can't mention it to anyone, even more so than depression. Before I got the diagnosis, I thought that bipolar might seem like more of a real thing than depression (obviously I know both can be very serious) in the sense that there is a specific pathology, whereas depression can literally be caused by anything. But like, it took me like a day to mention it to my wife and even then it was just a casual mention like "this weird thing happened where the resident said this"  My point of all this is, what do you think? What should I do? How have you learned to cope with or accept your diagnosis?
8zvq2g,148,158,ADR,depression,lamictal,lamictal,Need help coping with? accepting? a diagnosis of BP2 I have been struggling with the symptoms for about 3 years (or longer), though thinking it was depression/just life. At first, I was almost trying to collect the disorders (depression, bipolar) but when I was diagnosed with depression, I then felt ashamed and consigned to that fate. Eventually, I accepted it and tried to figure out what to do (medications, therapy, coping skills, exercise, support from family and friends).  Well none of the anti-depressants helped more than they harmed. I had some bad side effects (such as increased SI, severe dizziness and chest pain, anxiety which I didn't really have before, insomnia, lethargic, lack of interest in things, and one may have pushed me into hypomanic states more often with increased distress). But few of them actually noticeably helped the depression symptoms.  A couple therapist for my wife and I was actually the first person to suggest BP which I dismissed since a previous personal therapist said no and a doctor said no. But as I kept thinking about it, I actually could produce specific examples of hypomanic episodes such as starting intense creative projects and then crashing without warning during them, despite things going well. Anyways I won't go into all of that right now.  At that point, because it had been suggested and none of the other meds worked, I again almost became obsessed with trying to collect the diagnosis. I went to a rapid access psych consult (it was the only option available based on the circumstances) and the psychiatrist suggested my story fit bipolar 2 but didn't just want to give me a diagnosis, but made a few suggested changes to medications for my doctor.  He started me on lamictal which seemed to help at first, and then continued to help, and is still helping. That's such a weird experience considering I've always had very noticeable side effects and few positive results. At a follow up, he just refilled the lamictal and have advice for transitioning as we move. But he never specifically said I was diagnosed.  Earlier this week, I saw a resident for completely separate issue of abdominal pain and they casually asked if my only other medical condition was BP2. At first I didn't know how to answer, because I hadn't been sure I had the diagnosis. So I asked if she saw that listed on my chart or if she just assumed that was what the lamictal was for. She looked through the chart but couldn't find exactly where she saw that. I looked on the online portal which mentioned something like bipolar in remission, but then on another unrelated visit to the optometrist, the print out said bipolar 2.  So maybe it's just the way I found out about the diagnosis, or actually facing the diagnosis as a real thing instead of a maybe, but I almost feel like I can't mention it to anyone, even more so than depression. Before I got the diagnosis, I thought that bipolar might seem like more of a real thing than depression (obviously I know both can be very serious) in the sense that there is a specific pathology, whereas depression can literally be caused by anything. But like, it took me like a day to mention it to my wife and even then it was just a casual mention like "this weird thing happened where the resident said this"  My point of all this is, what do you think? What should I do? How have you learned to cope with or accept your diagnosis?
8zsaqc,58,73,ADR,30 extra pounds,abilify,abilify,Day 1 of Lamictal... After about 5 months on Abilify (and 30 extra pounds), I am starting on Lamictal. My mood swings typically range from depressed to less depressed and I saw on a Lamictal review tonight that Lamictal works particularly well for bipolar depression or mixed states. Obviously, meds affect everyone differently, but has anyone else found that this drug works well for their depression?
8zsaqc,106,117,ADR,mood swings,lamictal,lamictal,Day 1 of Lamictal... After about 5 months on Abilify (and 30 extra pounds), I am starting on Lamictal. My mood swings typically range from depressed to less depressed and I saw on a Lamictal review tonight that Lamictal works particularly well for bipolar depression or mixed states. Obviously, meds affect everyone differently, but has anyone else found that this drug works well for their depression?
8zsaqc,139,148,ADR,depressed,lamictal,lamictal,Day 1 of Lamictal... After about 5 months on Abilify (and 30 extra pounds), I am starting on Lamictal. My mood swings typically range from depressed to less depressed and I saw on a Lamictal review tonight that Lamictal works particularly well for bipolar depression or mixed states. Obviously, meds affect everyone differently, but has anyone else found that this drug works well for their depression?
8zhsm2,124,137,ADR,feeling tired,lamictal,lamictal,Birth control A month ago more or less I got Depo Provera. Im taking lamictal and celexa and since I got the shot I've been feeling tired all the time, like I really striggle to do every day tasks. What have you noticed with this mix of medication?
8zhq04,446,464,ADR,flattening my mood,lamictal,lamictal,Anyone get an obvious personality change while on meds? So I had a situation develop where it's draining my sanity and I decide I need to ask my psych to up my meds and add a new one into the mix.  Doubling lamictal from 200 to 400 and adding seroquel.  So far it's done *wonders* to tame my brain.  However... there's also a noticeable effect.  I... have a reputation for being a bubbly person around the office.  But what the meds are doing is flattening my mood.  Don't get me wrong, *I actually like feeling like this* but it's so noticeable people keep asking me if I'm okay.  I am, and it's annoying.  Can't get mad at them because they're just worried.  Anyone have a similar situation like this happen to them?  Wondering what I can do.. maybe I will just wait it out?
8zwaqj,1420,1429,ADR,withdrawl,venlafaxine,venlafaxine,Newbie here looking for advice So, I did a search, and found kind of limited answers, so thought I'd just post.  I have clinical depression, been on Venlafaxine ER for the better part of 15 years now.  I also have some other health concerns, such as high BP, high cholesterol, that i'm interested in hopefully helping/controlling with CBD.  I recently came off of my statin and BP meds with my Dr's blessing, and BP is now elevated again, and I will find out soon what my cholesterol looks like.  I'm 38 years old... I don't want to be taking a handfull of damn pills everyday!  So, that has kind of pushed me over the edge to finally try CBD.  Now that I've decided to go this route, i'd like to get off of any meds possible, including Venlafaxine.  Taking it for as long as I have, I am a pro at tapering off, and have done it twice (for pregnancies). I actually did ok, until post-partum hit me hard, and I went back on.  The fact that I did ok for a while without meds makes me hopeful that I may be able to manage it with CBD alone.  And just as a note, I will most definitely talk to my doctors as well.  But sometimes, advice from people with personal experience is just as important!  So my questions:  1. I would think slowly tapering off the Velnafaxine, and slowly increasing the CBD would be the way to go.  Does anyone have experience they could share on what that was like? Did it help with the god aweful withdrawl effects (brain zaps, brain fog, fatigue, etc)?  2. I am specifically looking into CBDistillery tinctures to start.  As you know, there are many different strengths available.  I am leaning towards the 500mg 15mL tincture - thinking i'd start with a half dropper full, or roughly 16mg of CBD, and go from there.  Opinions? Experiences?  Is that too high/low a starting dose?  I realize everyone is different, but all I can seem to find is 'start low and work your way up'.  Well, what is 'low'?!  3. I'm considering also ordering one of their disposable vape pens to try.  But, I'm very unclear on dosing, number of uses, battery life, etc.  Can someone provide any clarity on that?  Sorry this is so long.  I am excited to give this a try - and hopeful that all of the benefits I've read about are true.  If so, I know sooo many people that could benefit from this.    Thanks!
8zwaqj,1462,1469,ADR,fatigue,venlafaxine,venlafaxine,Newbie here looking for advice So, I did a search, and found kind of limited answers, so thought I'd just post.  I have clinical depression, been on Venlafaxine ER for the better part of 15 years now.  I also have some other health concerns, such as high BP, high cholesterol, that i'm interested in hopefully helping/controlling with CBD.  I recently came off of my statin and BP meds with my Dr's blessing, and BP is now elevated again, and I will find out soon what my cholesterol looks like.  I'm 38 years old... I don't want to be taking a handfull of damn pills everyday!  So, that has kind of pushed me over the edge to finally try CBD.  Now that I've decided to go this route, i'd like to get off of any meds possible, including Venlafaxine.  Taking it for as long as I have, I am a pro at tapering off, and have done it twice (for pregnancies). I actually did ok, until post-partum hit me hard, and I went back on.  The fact that I did ok for a while without meds makes me hopeful that I may be able to manage it with CBD alone.  And just as a note, I will most definitely talk to my doctors as well.  But sometimes, advice from people with personal experience is just as important!  So my questions:  1. I would think slowly tapering off the Velnafaxine, and slowly increasing the CBD would be the way to go.  Does anyone have experience they could share on what that was like? Did it help with the god aweful withdrawl effects (brain zaps, brain fog, fatigue, etc)?  2. I am specifically looking into CBDistillery tinctures to start.  As you know, there are many different strengths available.  I am leaning towards the 500mg 15mL tincture - thinking i'd start with a half dropper full, or roughly 16mg of CBD, and go from there.  Opinions? Experiences?  Is that too high/low a starting dose?  I realize everyone is different, but all I can seem to find is 'start low and work your way up'.  Well, what is 'low'?!  3. I'm considering also ordering one of their disposable vape pens to try.  But, I'm very unclear on dosing, number of uses, battery life, etc.  Can someone provide any clarity on that?  Sorry this is so long.  I am excited to give this a try - and hopeful that all of the benefits I've read about are true.  If so, I know sooo many people that could benefit from this.    Thanks!
8yrhpz,476,485,ADR,addictive,venlafaxine,venlafaxine,Let’s take a trip back to the 70s.. Xanax is the new Quaalude The similarities are astounding, not just in effects but in the path they took/are taking in society.   Alprazolam (Xanax): -Synthesized in 1981. It’s use seems to be peaking now, slightly over 20 years later.  -Used almost as much recreationally as medicinally (if not more so).  -Sedative, Hypnotic, Anxiolytic, General CNS Depressant -Extremely good at its job as an anxiolytic, but simply too psychoactive and addictive to be allowed to seep into the masses.  -Used for MENTAL issues (anxiety/insomnia) meaning that there is no way a doctor can tell if you really need it.   Methaqualone (Quaalude): -Synthesized in 1951. It’s use peaked 20 years later, throughout the 70s.  -Used almost as much recreationally as medicinally at its peak (if not more so).  -Sedative, Hypnotic, General CNS Depressant -Extremely good at its job as a sedative, but simply too psychoactive and addictive to be allowed to seep into the masses.  -Used for MENTAL issues (insomnia) meaning that there is no way a doctor can tell if you really need it.  (Though, to be fair, insomnia is not always mental, just most of the time)  —  At this point, it’s a question of when, not if. You can see the similarities, and, even more intriguingly, the utter lack of difference. Quaaludes were Schedule 1’d in 1985, about 10 years after their use peaked. I believe that, even then, the U.S. knew that outlawing it wouldn’t stop people from using it. I think they knew the real idea behind it was cutting off the supply. And sure enough, no matter how many kitchen chemists cooked and clandestine labs produced, here we are, completely out.   A point you might be making to yourself right now is: “So why aren’t opioids banned?” Good question, simple answer. Opioids are not expendable. There are no other options besides opioids. Sure you have NSAIDs and Steroidal drugs but the fact is that for REAL pain relief, opioids can’t be matched or even competed with. Though Marijuana is an exception to this, it was also Schedule 1’d, leaving opiates as simply and sadly the only option. Like Quaaludes, Xanax is the best at what it does, sure. But also like Quaaludes, it has replacements. Buspirone, Venlafaxine, and Dumatril all work wonders for anxiety and panic. Even SSRIs can work for less serious cases. Of course, Benzodiazepines are the best at what they do, there’s no questioning that. And, to be completely honest, Quaaludes had a close 2nd, much closer than Dumatril and Xanax. That would be barbiturates. But the fact is, there IS a 2nd for Xanax. There was a 2nd for Quaaludes, and there was no 2nd for opiates or amphetamines (except phenidates, which turned out to be just as bad) which were Schedule 2’d rather than 1’d so that production could continue, but on thin ice. As long as there is a working alternative, the DEA will see no need for Benzodiazepines to continue being produced. And with the absolute fuckfest that the government is calling the “war on drugs” I can’t imagine that letting these drugs flood the streets right under their noses can be allowed to happen much longer. I predict a Schedule II or I in the near future for Xanax and other Benzodiazepines.   This all was just a conclusion I came to after a few hours of research. I’d be happy to hear your thoughts and arguments on the topic.   PS: I don’t wish for Benzodiazepines to be Schedule 1’d, or scheduled at all for that matter. I personally am in the legalize-it-all group.
8xwnsu,369,381,ADR,constipation,venlafaxine,venlafaxine,Guanfacine? Hi folks - my psychiatric nurse practitioner just added the extended release version of guanfacine to my meds list (I also take venlafaxine for anxiety and straterra for ADHD). Has anyone else taken it and what was it most helpful for? My hope is for my rampantly difficult emotional sensitivity and impulsivity. The side effect I'm most concerned about is constipation since I'm already having that side effect with Straterra. I also have normal blood pressure so there's some risk of my blood pressure dropping too low. Thanks for your feedback!
8zj69y,13,23,ADR,Withdrawal,lorazepam,lorazepam,Was My Rapid Withdrawal from Benzos Malpractice by My Psychiatrist? Hi everyone,  I'm on month 7 of withdrawal from lorazepam (Atrivan), a benzodiapine for anxiety.  I'm wondering if what my psychiatrist did was malpractice or not?  TLDR: My psychiatrist withdrew me off of lorazepam in seven days 100% from a dose of 3-4mg a day. She knew I was in emotional distress before withdrawing too as she knew my engagement broke off and my grandmother died. I actually had to start withdrawing the day after my grandmother's funeral. If you don't know what Lorazepam is, it's a benzo that is recommended to withdraw from over months or even years. Benzos are commonly known as being the hardest substance to withdraw from (even harder than heroin). In fact, they are one of the few drugs that the withdrawal symptoms alone can kill people. I believe my psychiatrist was reckless and could've put my life in jeopardy.   Here's my story in detail:  I started on Lorazepam in August of 2014 along with Prozac. After one session my psychiatrist diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. She wrote me the prescription without warning me of withdrawal symptoms or not to drink alcohol with lorazepam. Stupid, young me didn't even realize that prescriptions given for mental illnesses had withdrawal symptoms. I was just excited to finally get help for my anxiety that prevented me from attending college regularly and doing everyday social things in public like getting groceries without having a panic attack in the store.  I didn't like how I was feeling (got nauseous and extremely gaggy to the point I was dry heaving every day) so she placed me on Zoloft after a short time along with the lorazepam instead of Prozac. I kept having the same issues so I was put on Paxil instead of Zoloft, all the while being on lorazepam (3-4mg a day).  While on Paxil I felt very out of control. I started drinking daily and doing reckless things (which is very abnormal for me as I'm a very mature and responsible person) as I wasn't informed never to drink on lorazepam. I started cutting myself for the first time in my life to help my emotional pain. I also overdosed on some leftover Vicodin (parents took me to the hospital, was okay) and months later attempted suicide on all of my leftover Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac, and about somewhere from 85-120mg of lorazepam. I went to the hospital in an ambulance and don't remember much of what happened. I was placed in the hospital's psych ward for four days.  After my suicide attempt I withdrew from Paxil a couple of months later. I was sick for a week then felt better. I remained on Lorazepam the entire time. After my suicide attempt I was required to start seeing a therapist and started seeing a therapist who works in the same office as my psychiatrist.  Next I was put on Norepinephrine (sp?) because my depression was so terrible. I also had horrible side effects on this stuff, and begged to see my psychiatrist one day during my break between college classes because I couldn't take the horrible feeling. She took me off of Norepinephrine and placed me on Zyprexa.   Zyprexa worked for me better than anything. I had little side effects besides weight gain. It helped me eat (something I struggle with because of my anxiety), helped me sleep amazing, and almost immediately relieved my depression symptoms.   I stayed on Zyprexa for about 1 year, 8 months along with Lorazepam. I still cut myself whenever I had an overwhelming emotional distress.  I went off Zyprexa because my psychiatrist said I was gaining too much weight and that Zyprexa can cause diabetes if you stay on it too long, which is another thing she didn't warn me about before I started it. My depression was better so I went off and had again about a week of crappy withdrawal then felt better.  I stayed on Lorazepam and that was my only medication for 7 months. In December of last year I found out some rather unpleasant things about my fiancé and the same day about 10 minutes after I found out those things and broke off my engagement with him I found out from my parents my grandma was dying. She died the next day on Christmas Eve.   Being on Lorazepam always made me do weird things I had never done in my life before such as cutting, my Vicodin overdose, my suicide attempt, and after I found out these things in one day I overdosed on my Lorazepam to forget what had happened. I took about 40mg. The next morning I barely remember this, but I cut myself again and cut off my hair. All very bizarre behavior for me.  After this happened, I had to leave town for my grandmother's funeral. I knew I would run out of my Lorazepam early because of my overdose and out of embarrassment and shame told my psychiatrist (over the phone through their patient care coordinator) I dropped them down the drain instead. I don't think she believed me because of my previous suicide attempt. The patient care coordinator told me I had to withdraw from them.  I wanted to talk to my doctor, but they refused. I told them what had happened and that I was out of town for my grandmother's funeral, but it made no difference. My psychiatrist didn't even give me a 5 minute phone call to explain withdrawing to me. Instead I got a video chat from another lady who works in their office that I had never met before, didn't know my circumstances, or me. I was informed I had to withdraw in 7 days and that's all the pills they would prescribe me. I explained I wanted to wait because I was at my grandmother's funeral, but they didn't care. I was forced to start withdrawals the day after her funeral.  I only later on learned that it is extremely dangerous to withdraw from a benzo in 7 days. In fact, most recommend withdrawing over months or even years. My psychiatrist seemed to think what she did was reasonable. Lorazepam is one of the few drugs you can die from just the withdrawal effects.  As a result I was unable to take a job offer I finally got in December because I was so sick and haven't been working the past 7 months. My symptoms were unbearable.   I had: severe depression, severe anxiety, panic attacks multiple times a day, hallucinations, paranoia, delusions, muscle cramps, muscle convulsions, severe motion sickness that kept me house bound, diarrhea, shakes, hot flashes, tremors, weird pain such as severe teeth pain, heart palpitations, suicidal thoughts, nausea, zero appetite, severe weight loss, insomnia, nightmares, etc.  Just about anything and everything. It was the worst pain I've ever had to go through in my life. Those months were truly hell. I almost voluntarily put myself in the psych ward because of my suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety, and hallucinations. The only reason I didn't was because I kept researching online anything to help me and learned about CBD oil and went back to my psychiatrist and begged her to give me that and she did and it helped immensely. It was the first time in days I could eat a full meal.  Since this happened I've been researching more and have been told by other mental health professionals that my symptoms seem more like complex PTSD (stemming from an abusive childhood) or bipolar. I asked my therapist (who is in the same office as my psychiatrist) and she was like well of course you have PTSD. She seemed under the impression she or my doctor had already told me that when they in fact never did. It doesn't make sense either as benzos are known to exacerbate PTSD symptoms, which is certainly what they seemed to do for me.  I'm finally starting to get back on my feet. I seem over the physical withdrawal symptoms, but still have many mental ones such as occasional severe paranoia, slight hallucinations when I feel very paranoid, depression, suicidal thoughts, and anxiety that is severe enough I can hardly go to a store by myself.  I know I overdosed, but that doesn't seem like an excuse to put me through such rapid withdrawals. I have never heard of anyone being taken off Lorazepam in 7 days.   Was this malpractice? I'm curious to know if I could have a lawsuit or not.
8zj69y,1597,1605,ADR,nauseous,lorazepam,lorazepam,Was My Rapid Withdrawal from Benzos Malpractice by My Psychiatrist? Hi everyone,  I'm on month 7 of withdrawal from lorazepam (Atrivan), a benzodiapine for anxiety.  I'm wondering if what my psychiatrist did was malpractice or not?  TLDR: My psychiatrist withdrew me off of lorazepam in seven days 100% from a dose of 3-4mg a day. She knew I was in emotional distress before withdrawing too as she knew my engagement broke off and my grandmother died. I actually had to start withdrawing the day after my grandmother's funeral. If you don't know what Lorazepam is, it's a benzo that is recommended to withdraw from over months or even years. Benzos are commonly known as being the hardest substance to withdraw from (even harder than heroin). In fact, they are one of the few drugs that the withdrawal symptoms alone can kill people. I believe my psychiatrist was reckless and could've put my life in jeopardy.   Here's my story in detail:  I started on Lorazepam in August of 2014 along with Prozac. After one session my psychiatrist diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. She wrote me the prescription without warning me of withdrawal symptoms or not to drink alcohol with lorazepam. Stupid, young me didn't even realize that prescriptions given for mental illnesses had withdrawal symptoms. I was just excited to finally get help for my anxiety that prevented me from attending college regularly and doing everyday social things in public like getting groceries without having a panic attack in the store.  I didn't like how I was feeling (got nauseous and extremely gaggy to the point I was dry heaving every day) so she placed me on Zoloft after a short time along with the lorazepam instead of Prozac. I kept having the same issues so I was put on Paxil instead of Zoloft, all the while being on lorazepam (3-4mg a day).  While on Paxil I felt very out of control. I started drinking daily and doing reckless things (which is very abnormal for me as I'm a very mature and responsible person) as I wasn't informed never to drink on lorazepam. I started cutting myself for the first time in my life to help my emotional pain. I also overdosed on some leftover Vicodin (parents took me to the hospital, was okay) and months later attempted suicide on all of my leftover Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac, and about somewhere from 85-120mg of lorazepam. I went to the hospital in an ambulance and don't remember much of what happened. I was placed in the hospital's psych ward for four days.  After my suicide attempt I withdrew from Paxil a couple of months later. I was sick for a week then felt better. I remained on Lorazepam the entire time. After my suicide attempt I was required to start seeing a therapist and started seeing a therapist who works in the same office as my psychiatrist.  Next I was put on Norepinephrine (sp?) because my depression was so terrible. I also had horrible side effects on this stuff, and begged to see my psychiatrist one day during my break between college classes because I couldn't take the horrible feeling. She took me off of Norepinephrine and placed me on Zyprexa.   Zyprexa worked for me better than anything. I had little side effects besides weight gain. It helped me eat (something I struggle with because of my anxiety), helped me sleep amazing, and almost immediately relieved my depression symptoms.   I stayed on Zyprexa for about 1 year, 8 months along with Lorazepam. I still cut myself whenever I had an overwhelming emotional distress.  I went off Zyprexa because my psychiatrist said I was gaining too much weight and that Zyprexa can cause diabetes if you stay on it too long, which is another thing she didn't warn me about before I started it. My depression was better so I went off and had again about a week of crappy withdrawal then felt better.  I stayed on Lorazepam and that was my only medication for 7 months. In December of last year I found out some rather unpleasant things about my fiancé and the same day about 10 minutes after I found out those things and broke off my engagement with him I found out from my parents my grandma was dying. She died the next day on Christmas Eve.   Being on Lorazepam always made me do weird things I had never done in my life before such as cutting, my Vicodin overdose, my suicide attempt, and after I found out these things in one day I overdosed on my Lorazepam to forget what had happened. I took about 40mg. The next morning I barely remember this, but I cut myself again and cut off my hair. All very bizarre behavior for me.  After this happened, I had to leave town for my grandmother's funeral. I knew I would run out of my Lorazepam early because of my overdose and out of embarrassment and shame told my psychiatrist (over the phone through their patient care coordinator) I dropped them down the drain instead. I don't think she believed me because of my previous suicide attempt. The patient care coordinator told me I had to withdraw from them.  I wanted to talk to my doctor, but they refused. I told them what had happened and that I was out of town for my grandmother's funeral, but it made no difference. My psychiatrist didn't even give me a 5 minute phone call to explain withdrawing to me. Instead I got a video chat from another lady who works in their office that I had never met before, didn't know my circumstances, or me. I was informed I had to withdraw in 7 days and that's all the pills they would prescribe me. I explained I wanted to wait because I was at my grandmother's funeral, but they didn't care. I was forced to start withdrawals the day after her funeral.  I only later on learned that it is extremely dangerous to withdraw from a benzo in 7 days. In fact, most recommend withdrawing over months or even years. My psychiatrist seemed to think what she did was reasonable. Lorazepam is one of the few drugs you can die from just the withdrawal effects.  As a result I was unable to take a job offer I finally got in December because I was so sick and haven't been working the past 7 months. My symptoms were unbearable.   I had: severe depression, severe anxiety, panic attacks multiple times a day, hallucinations, paranoia, delusions, muscle cramps, muscle convulsions, severe motion sickness that kept me house bound, diarrhea, shakes, hot flashes, tremors, weird pain such as severe teeth pain, heart palpitations, suicidal thoughts, nausea, zero appetite, severe weight loss, insomnia, nightmares, etc.  Just about anything and everything. It was the worst pain I've ever had to go through in my life. Those months were truly hell. I almost voluntarily put myself in the psych ward because of my suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety, and hallucinations. The only reason I didn't was because I kept researching online anything to help me and learned about CBD oil and went back to my psychiatrist and begged her to give me that and she did and it helped immensely. It was the first time in days I could eat a full meal.  Since this happened I've been researching more and have been told by other mental health professionals that my symptoms seem more like complex PTSD (stemming from an abusive childhood) or bipolar. I asked my therapist (who is in the same office as my psychiatrist) and she was like well of course you have PTSD. She seemed under the impression she or my doctor had already told me that when they in fact never did. It doesn't make sense either as benzos are known to exacerbate PTSD symptoms, which is certainly what they seemed to do for me.  I'm finally starting to get back on my feet. I seem over the physical withdrawal symptoms, but still have many mental ones such as occasional severe paranoia, slight hallucinations when I feel very paranoid, depression, suicidal thoughts, and anxiety that is severe enough I can hardly go to a store by myself.  I know I overdosed, but that doesn't seem like an excuse to put me through such rapid withdrawals. I have never heard of anyone being taken off Lorazepam in 7 days.   Was this malpractice? I'm curious to know if I could have a lawsuit or not.
8zj69y,2293,2300,ADR,suicide,lorazepam,lorazepam,Was My Rapid Withdrawal from Benzos Malpractice by My Psychiatrist? Hi everyone,  I'm on month 7 of withdrawal from lorazepam (Atrivan), a benzodiapine for anxiety.  I'm wondering if what my psychiatrist did was malpractice or not?  TLDR: My psychiatrist withdrew me off of lorazepam in seven days 100% from a dose of 3-4mg a day. She knew I was in emotional distress before withdrawing too as she knew my engagement broke off and my grandmother died. I actually had to start withdrawing the day after my grandmother's funeral. If you don't know what Lorazepam is, it's a benzo that is recommended to withdraw from over months or even years. Benzos are commonly known as being the hardest substance to withdraw from (even harder than heroin). In fact, they are one of the few drugs that the withdrawal symptoms alone can kill people. I believe my psychiatrist was reckless and could've put my life in jeopardy.   Here's my story in detail:  I started on Lorazepam in August of 2014 along with Prozac. After one session my psychiatrist diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. She wrote me the prescription without warning me of withdrawal symptoms or not to drink alcohol with lorazepam. Stupid, young me didn't even realize that prescriptions given for mental illnesses had withdrawal symptoms. I was just excited to finally get help for my anxiety that prevented me from attending college regularly and doing everyday social things in public like getting groceries without having a panic attack in the store.  I didn't like how I was feeling (got nauseous and extremely gaggy to the point I was dry heaving every day) so she placed me on Zoloft after a short time along with the lorazepam instead of Prozac. I kept having the same issues so I was put on Paxil instead of Zoloft, all the while being on lorazepam (3-4mg a day).  While on Paxil I felt very out of control. I started drinking daily and doing reckless things (which is very abnormal for me as I'm a very mature and responsible person) as I wasn't informed never to drink on lorazepam. I started cutting myself for the first time in my life to help my emotional pain. I also overdosed on some leftover Vicodin (parents took me to the hospital, was okay) and months later attempted suicide on all of my leftover Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac, and about somewhere from 85-120mg of lorazepam. I went to the hospital in an ambulance and don't remember much of what happened. I was placed in the hospital's psych ward for four days.  After my suicide attempt I withdrew from Paxil a couple of months later. I was sick for a week then felt better. I remained on Lorazepam the entire time. After my suicide attempt I was required to start seeing a therapist and started seeing a therapist who works in the same office as my psychiatrist.  Next I was put on Norepinephrine (sp?) because my depression was so terrible. I also had horrible side effects on this stuff, and begged to see my psychiatrist one day during my break between college classes because I couldn't take the horrible feeling. She took me off of Norepinephrine and placed me on Zyprexa.   Zyprexa worked for me better than anything. I had little side effects besides weight gain. It helped me eat (something I struggle with because of my anxiety), helped me sleep amazing, and almost immediately relieved my depression symptoms.   I stayed on Zyprexa for about 1 year, 8 months along with Lorazepam. I still cut myself whenever I had an overwhelming emotional distress.  I went off Zyprexa because my psychiatrist said I was gaining too much weight and that Zyprexa can cause diabetes if you stay on it too long, which is another thing she didn't warn me about before I started it. My depression was better so I went off and had again about a week of crappy withdrawal then felt better.  I stayed on Lorazepam and that was my only medication for 7 months. In December of last year I found out some rather unpleasant things about my fiancé and the same day about 10 minutes after I found out those things and broke off my engagement with him I found out from my parents my grandma was dying. She died the next day on Christmas Eve.   Being on Lorazepam always made me do weird things I had never done in my life before such as cutting, my Vicodin overdose, my suicide attempt, and after I found out these things in one day I overdosed on my Lorazepam to forget what had happened. I took about 40mg. The next morning I barely remember this, but I cut myself again and cut off my hair. All very bizarre behavior for me.  After this happened, I had to leave town for my grandmother's funeral. I knew I would run out of my Lorazepam early because of my overdose and out of embarrassment and shame told my psychiatrist (over the phone through their patient care coordinator) I dropped them down the drain instead. I don't think she believed me because of my previous suicide attempt. The patient care coordinator told me I had to withdraw from them.  I wanted to talk to my doctor, but they refused. I told them what had happened and that I was out of town for my grandmother's funeral, but it made no difference. My psychiatrist didn't even give me a 5 minute phone call to explain withdrawing to me. Instead I got a video chat from another lady who works in their office that I had never met before, didn't know my circumstances, or me. I was informed I had to withdraw in 7 days and that's all the pills they would prescribe me. I explained I wanted to wait because I was at my grandmother's funeral, but they didn't care. I was forced to start withdrawals the day after her funeral.  I only later on learned that it is extremely dangerous to withdraw from a benzo in 7 days. In fact, most recommend withdrawing over months or even years. My psychiatrist seemed to think what she did was reasonable. Lorazepam is one of the few drugs you can die from just the withdrawal effects.  As a result I was unable to take a job offer I finally got in December because I was so sick and haven't been working the past 7 months. My symptoms were unbearable.   I had: severe depression, severe anxiety, panic attacks multiple times a day, hallucinations, paranoia, delusions, muscle cramps, muscle convulsions, severe motion sickness that kept me house bound, diarrhea, shakes, hot flashes, tremors, weird pain such as severe teeth pain, heart palpitations, suicidal thoughts, nausea, zero appetite, severe weight loss, insomnia, nightmares, etc.  Just about anything and everything. It was the worst pain I've ever had to go through in my life. Those months were truly hell. I almost voluntarily put myself in the psych ward because of my suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety, and hallucinations. The only reason I didn't was because I kept researching online anything to help me and learned about CBD oil and went back to my psychiatrist and begged her to give me that and she did and it helped immensely. It was the first time in days I could eat a full meal.  Since this happened I've been researching more and have been told by other mental health professionals that my symptoms seem more like complex PTSD (stemming from an abusive childhood) or bipolar. I asked my therapist (who is in the same office as my psychiatrist) and she was like well of course you have PTSD. She seemed under the impression she or my doctor had already told me that when they in fact never did. It doesn't make sense either as benzos are known to exacerbate PTSD symptoms, which is certainly what they seemed to do for me.  I'm finally starting to get back on my feet. I seem over the physical withdrawal symptoms, but still have many mental ones such as occasional severe paranoia, slight hallucinations when I feel very paranoid, depression, suicidal thoughts, and anxiety that is severe enough I can hardly go to a store by myself.  I know I overdosed, but that doesn't seem like an excuse to put me through such rapid withdrawals. I have never heard of anyone being taken off Lorazepam in 7 days.   Was this malpractice? I'm curious to know if I could have a lawsuit or not.
8zj69y,3230,3241,ADR,weight gain,zyprexa,zyprexa,Was My Rapid Withdrawal from Benzos Malpractice by My Psychiatrist? Hi everyone,  I'm on month 7 of withdrawal from lorazepam (Atrivan), a benzodiapine for anxiety.  I'm wondering if what my psychiatrist did was malpractice or not?  TLDR: My psychiatrist withdrew me off of lorazepam in seven days 100% from a dose of 3-4mg a day. She knew I was in emotional distress before withdrawing too as she knew my engagement broke off and my grandmother died. I actually had to start withdrawing the day after my grandmother's funeral. If you don't know what Lorazepam is, it's a benzo that is recommended to withdraw from over months or even years. Benzos are commonly known as being the hardest substance to withdraw from (even harder than heroin). In fact, they are one of the few drugs that the withdrawal symptoms alone can kill people. I believe my psychiatrist was reckless and could've put my life in jeopardy.   Here's my story in detail:  I started on Lorazepam in August of 2014 along with Prozac. After one session my psychiatrist diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. She wrote me the prescription without warning me of withdrawal symptoms or not to drink alcohol with lorazepam. Stupid, young me didn't even realize that prescriptions given for mental illnesses had withdrawal symptoms. I was just excited to finally get help for my anxiety that prevented me from attending college regularly and doing everyday social things in public like getting groceries without having a panic attack in the store.  I didn't like how I was feeling (got nauseous and extremely gaggy to the point I was dry heaving every day) so she placed me on Zoloft after a short time along with the lorazepam instead of Prozac. I kept having the same issues so I was put on Paxil instead of Zoloft, all the while being on lorazepam (3-4mg a day).  While on Paxil I felt very out of control. I started drinking daily and doing reckless things (which is very abnormal for me as I'm a very mature and responsible person) as I wasn't informed never to drink on lorazepam. I started cutting myself for the first time in my life to help my emotional pain. I also overdosed on some leftover Vicodin (parents took me to the hospital, was okay) and months later attempted suicide on all of my leftover Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac, and about somewhere from 85-120mg of lorazepam. I went to the hospital in an ambulance and don't remember much of what happened. I was placed in the hospital's psych ward for four days.  After my suicide attempt I withdrew from Paxil a couple of months later. I was sick for a week then felt better. I remained on Lorazepam the entire time. After my suicide attempt I was required to start seeing a therapist and started seeing a therapist who works in the same office as my psychiatrist.  Next I was put on Norepinephrine (sp?) because my depression was so terrible. I also had horrible side effects on this stuff, and begged to see my psychiatrist one day during my break between college classes because I couldn't take the horrible feeling. She took me off of Norepinephrine and placed me on Zyprexa.   Zyprexa worked for me better than anything. I had little side effects besides weight gain. It helped me eat (something I struggle with because of my anxiety), helped me sleep amazing, and almost immediately relieved my depression symptoms.   I stayed on Zyprexa for about 1 year, 8 months along with Lorazepam. I still cut myself whenever I had an overwhelming emotional distress.  I went off Zyprexa because my psychiatrist said I was gaining too much weight and that Zyprexa can cause diabetes if you stay on it too long, which is another thing she didn't warn me about before I started it. My depression was better so I went off and had again about a week of crappy withdrawal then felt better.  I stayed on Lorazepam and that was my only medication for 7 months. In December of last year I found out some rather unpleasant things about my fiancé and the same day about 10 minutes after I found out those things and broke off my engagement with him I found out from my parents my grandma was dying. She died the next day on Christmas Eve.   Being on Lorazepam always made me do weird things I had never done in my life before such as cutting, my Vicodin overdose, my suicide attempt, and after I found out these things in one day I overdosed on my Lorazepam to forget what had happened. I took about 40mg. The next morning I barely remember this, but I cut myself again and cut off my hair. All very bizarre behavior for me.  After this happened, I had to leave town for my grandmother's funeral. I knew I would run out of my Lorazepam early because of my overdose and out of embarrassment and shame told my psychiatrist (over the phone through their patient care coordinator) I dropped them down the drain instead. I don't think she believed me because of my previous suicide attempt. The patient care coordinator told me I had to withdraw from them.  I wanted to talk to my doctor, but they refused. I told them what had happened and that I was out of town for my grandmother's funeral, but it made no difference. My psychiatrist didn't even give me a 5 minute phone call to explain withdrawing to me. Instead I got a video chat from another lady who works in their office that I had never met before, didn't know my circumstances, or me. I was informed I had to withdraw in 7 days and that's all the pills they would prescribe me. I explained I wanted to wait because I was at my grandmother's funeral, but they didn't care. I was forced to start withdrawals the day after her funeral.  I only later on learned that it is extremely dangerous to withdraw from a benzo in 7 days. In fact, most recommend withdrawing over months or even years. My psychiatrist seemed to think what she did was reasonable. Lorazepam is one of the few drugs you can die from just the withdrawal effects.  As a result I was unable to take a job offer I finally got in December because I was so sick and haven't been working the past 7 months. My symptoms were unbearable.   I had: severe depression, severe anxiety, panic attacks multiple times a day, hallucinations, paranoia, delusions, muscle cramps, muscle convulsions, severe motion sickness that kept me house bound, diarrhea, shakes, hot flashes, tremors, weird pain such as severe teeth pain, heart palpitations, suicidal thoughts, nausea, zero appetite, severe weight loss, insomnia, nightmares, etc.  Just about anything and everything. It was the worst pain I've ever had to go through in my life. Those months were truly hell. I almost voluntarily put myself in the psych ward because of my suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety, and hallucinations. The only reason I didn't was because I kept researching online anything to help me and learned about CBD oil and went back to my psychiatrist and begged her to give me that and she did and it helped immensely. It was the first time in days I could eat a full meal.  Since this happened I've been researching more and have been told by other mental health professionals that my symptoms seem more like complex PTSD (stemming from an abusive childhood) or bipolar. I asked my therapist (who is in the same office as my psychiatrist) and she was like well of course you have PTSD. She seemed under the impression she or my doctor had already told me that when they in fact never did. It doesn't make sense either as benzos are known to exacerbate PTSD symptoms, which is certainly what they seemed to do for me.  I'm finally starting to get back on my feet. I seem over the physical withdrawal symptoms, but still have many mental ones such as occasional severe paranoia, slight hallucinations when I feel very paranoid, depression, suicidal thoughts, and anxiety that is severe enough I can hardly go to a store by myself.  I know I overdosed, but that doesn't seem like an excuse to put me through such rapid withdrawals. I have never heard of anyone being taken off Lorazepam in 7 days.   Was this malpractice? I'm curious to know if I could have a lawsuit or not.
8zj69y,3513,3532,ADR,emotional distress.,lorazepam,lorazepam,Was My Rapid Withdrawal from Benzos Malpractice by My Psychiatrist? Hi everyone,  I'm on month 7 of withdrawal from lorazepam (Atrivan), a benzodiapine for anxiety.  I'm wondering if what my psychiatrist did was malpractice or not?  TLDR: My psychiatrist withdrew me off of lorazepam in seven days 100% from a dose of 3-4mg a day. She knew I was in emotional distress before withdrawing too as she knew my engagement broke off and my grandmother died. I actually had to start withdrawing the day after my grandmother's funeral. If you don't know what Lorazepam is, it's a benzo that is recommended to withdraw from over months or even years. Benzos are commonly known as being the hardest substance to withdraw from (even harder than heroin). In fact, they are one of the few drugs that the withdrawal symptoms alone can kill people. I believe my psychiatrist was reckless and could've put my life in jeopardy.   Here's my story in detail:  I started on Lorazepam in August of 2014 along with Prozac. After one session my psychiatrist diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. She wrote me the prescription without warning me of withdrawal symptoms or not to drink alcohol with lorazepam. Stupid, young me didn't even realize that prescriptions given for mental illnesses had withdrawal symptoms. I was just excited to finally get help for my anxiety that prevented me from attending college regularly and doing everyday social things in public like getting groceries without having a panic attack in the store.  I didn't like how I was feeling (got nauseous and extremely gaggy to the point I was dry heaving every day) so she placed me on Zoloft after a short time along with the lorazepam instead of Prozac. I kept having the same issues so I was put on Paxil instead of Zoloft, all the while being on lorazepam (3-4mg a day).  While on Paxil I felt very out of control. I started drinking daily and doing reckless things (which is very abnormal for me as I'm a very mature and responsible person) as I wasn't informed never to drink on lorazepam. I started cutting myself for the first time in my life to help my emotional pain. I also overdosed on some leftover Vicodin (parents took me to the hospital, was okay) and months later attempted suicide on all of my leftover Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac, and about somewhere from 85-120mg of lorazepam. I went to the hospital in an ambulance and don't remember much of what happened. I was placed in the hospital's psych ward for four days.  After my suicide attempt I withdrew from Paxil a couple of months later. I was sick for a week then felt better. I remained on Lorazepam the entire time. After my suicide attempt I was required to start seeing a therapist and started seeing a therapist who works in the same office as my psychiatrist.  Next I was put on Norepinephrine (sp?) because my depression was so terrible. I also had horrible side effects on this stuff, and begged to see my psychiatrist one day during my break between college classes because I couldn't take the horrible feeling. She took me off of Norepinephrine and placed me on Zyprexa.   Zyprexa worked for me better than anything. I had little side effects besides weight gain. It helped me eat (something I struggle with because of my anxiety), helped me sleep amazing, and almost immediately relieved my depression symptoms.   I stayed on Zyprexa for about 1 year, 8 months along with Lorazepam. I still cut myself whenever I had an overwhelming emotional distress.  I went off Zyprexa because my psychiatrist said I was gaining too much weight and that Zyprexa can cause diabetes if you stay on it too long, which is another thing she didn't warn me about before I started it. My depression was better so I went off and had again about a week of crappy withdrawal then felt better.  I stayed on Lorazepam and that was my only medication for 7 months. In December of last year I found out some rather unpleasant things about my fiancé and the same day about 10 minutes after I found out those things and broke off my engagement with him I found out from my parents my grandma was dying. She died the next day on Christmas Eve.   Being on Lorazepam always made me do weird things I had never done in my life before such as cutting, my Vicodin overdose, my suicide attempt, and after I found out these things in one day I overdosed on my Lorazepam to forget what had happened. I took about 40mg. The next morning I barely remember this, but I cut myself again and cut off my hair. All very bizarre behavior for me.  After this happened, I had to leave town for my grandmother's funeral. I knew I would run out of my Lorazepam early because of my overdose and out of embarrassment and shame told my psychiatrist (over the phone through their patient care coordinator) I dropped them down the drain instead. I don't think she believed me because of my previous suicide attempt. The patient care coordinator told me I had to withdraw from them.  I wanted to talk to my doctor, but they refused. I told them what had happened and that I was out of town for my grandmother's funeral, but it made no difference. My psychiatrist didn't even give me a 5 minute phone call to explain withdrawing to me. Instead I got a video chat from another lady who works in their office that I had never met before, didn't know my circumstances, or me. I was informed I had to withdraw in 7 days and that's all the pills they would prescribe me. I explained I wanted to wait because I was at my grandmother's funeral, but they didn't care. I was forced to start withdrawals the day after her funeral.  I only later on learned that it is extremely dangerous to withdraw from a benzo in 7 days. In fact, most recommend withdrawing over months or even years. My psychiatrist seemed to think what she did was reasonable. Lorazepam is one of the few drugs you can die from just the withdrawal effects.  As a result I was unable to take a job offer I finally got in December because I was so sick and haven't been working the past 7 months. My symptoms were unbearable.   I had: severe depression, severe anxiety, panic attacks multiple times a day, hallucinations, paranoia, delusions, muscle cramps, muscle convulsions, severe motion sickness that kept me house bound, diarrhea, shakes, hot flashes, tremors, weird pain such as severe teeth pain, heart palpitations, suicidal thoughts, nausea, zero appetite, severe weight loss, insomnia, nightmares, etc.  Just about anything and everything. It was the worst pain I've ever had to go through in my life. Those months were truly hell. I almost voluntarily put myself in the psych ward because of my suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety, and hallucinations. The only reason I didn't was because I kept researching online anything to help me and learned about CBD oil and went back to my psychiatrist and begged her to give me that and she did and it helped immensely. It was the first time in days I could eat a full meal.  Since this happened I've been researching more and have been told by other mental health professionals that my symptoms seem more like complex PTSD (stemming from an abusive childhood) or bipolar. I asked my therapist (who is in the same office as my psychiatrist) and she was like well of course you have PTSD. She seemed under the impression she or my doctor had already told me that when they in fact never did. It doesn't make sense either as benzos are known to exacerbate PTSD symptoms, which is certainly what they seemed to do for me.  I'm finally starting to get back on my feet. I seem over the physical withdrawal symptoms, but still have many mental ones such as occasional severe paranoia, slight hallucinations when I feel very paranoid, depression, suicidal thoughts, and anxiety that is severe enough I can hardly go to a store by myself.  I know I overdosed, but that doesn't seem like an excuse to put me through such rapid withdrawals. I have never heard of anyone being taken off Lorazepam in 7 days.   Was this malpractice? I'm curious to know if I could have a lawsuit or not.
8zj69y,3639,3647,ADR,diabetes,lorazepam,lorazepam,Was My Rapid Withdrawal from Benzos Malpractice by My Psychiatrist? Hi everyone,  I'm on month 7 of withdrawal from lorazepam (Atrivan), a benzodiapine for anxiety.  I'm wondering if what my psychiatrist did was malpractice or not?  TLDR: My psychiatrist withdrew me off of lorazepam in seven days 100% from a dose of 3-4mg a day. She knew I was in emotional distress before withdrawing too as she knew my engagement broke off and my grandmother died. I actually had to start withdrawing the day after my grandmother's funeral. If you don't know what Lorazepam is, it's a benzo that is recommended to withdraw from over months or even years. Benzos are commonly known as being the hardest substance to withdraw from (even harder than heroin). In fact, they are one of the few drugs that the withdrawal symptoms alone can kill people. I believe my psychiatrist was reckless and could've put my life in jeopardy.   Here's my story in detail:  I started on Lorazepam in August of 2014 along with Prozac. After one session my psychiatrist diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. She wrote me the prescription without warning me of withdrawal symptoms or not to drink alcohol with lorazepam. Stupid, young me didn't even realize that prescriptions given for mental illnesses had withdrawal symptoms. I was just excited to finally get help for my anxiety that prevented me from attending college regularly and doing everyday social things in public like getting groceries without having a panic attack in the store.  I didn't like how I was feeling (got nauseous and extremely gaggy to the point I was dry heaving every day) so she placed me on Zoloft after a short time along with the lorazepam instead of Prozac. I kept having the same issues so I was put on Paxil instead of Zoloft, all the while being on lorazepam (3-4mg a day).  While on Paxil I felt very out of control. I started drinking daily and doing reckless things (which is very abnormal for me as I'm a very mature and responsible person) as I wasn't informed never to drink on lorazepam. I started cutting myself for the first time in my life to help my emotional pain. I also overdosed on some leftover Vicodin (parents took me to the hospital, was okay) and months later attempted suicide on all of my leftover Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac, and about somewhere from 85-120mg of lorazepam. I went to the hospital in an ambulance and don't remember much of what happened. I was placed in the hospital's psych ward for four days.  After my suicide attempt I withdrew from Paxil a couple of months later. I was sick for a week then felt better. I remained on Lorazepam the entire time. After my suicide attempt I was required to start seeing a therapist and started seeing a therapist who works in the same office as my psychiatrist.  Next I was put on Norepinephrine (sp?) because my depression was so terrible. I also had horrible side effects on this stuff, and begged to see my psychiatrist one day during my break between college classes because I couldn't take the horrible feeling. She took me off of Norepinephrine and placed me on Zyprexa.   Zyprexa worked for me better than anything. I had little side effects besides weight gain. It helped me eat (something I struggle with because of my anxiety), helped me sleep amazing, and almost immediately relieved my depression symptoms.   I stayed on Zyprexa for about 1 year, 8 months along with Lorazepam. I still cut myself whenever I had an overwhelming emotional distress.  I went off Zyprexa because my psychiatrist said I was gaining too much weight and that Zyprexa can cause diabetes if you stay on it too long, which is another thing she didn't warn me about before I started it. My depression was better so I went off and had again about a week of crappy withdrawal then felt better.  I stayed on Lorazepam and that was my only medication for 7 months. In December of last year I found out some rather unpleasant things about my fiancé and the same day about 10 minutes after I found out those things and broke off my engagement with him I found out from my parents my grandma was dying. She died the next day on Christmas Eve.   Being on Lorazepam always made me do weird things I had never done in my life before such as cutting, my Vicodin overdose, my suicide attempt, and after I found out these things in one day I overdosed on my Lorazepam to forget what had happened. I took about 40mg. The next morning I barely remember this, but I cut myself again and cut off my hair. All very bizarre behavior for me.  After this happened, I had to leave town for my grandmother's funeral. I knew I would run out of my Lorazepam early because of my overdose and out of embarrassment and shame told my psychiatrist (over the phone through their patient care coordinator) I dropped them down the drain instead. I don't think she believed me because of my previous suicide attempt. The patient care coordinator told me I had to withdraw from them.  I wanted to talk to my doctor, but they refused. I told them what had happened and that I was out of town for my grandmother's funeral, but it made no difference. My psychiatrist didn't even give me a 5 minute phone call to explain withdrawing to me. Instead I got a video chat from another lady who works in their office that I had never met before, didn't know my circumstances, or me. I was informed I had to withdraw in 7 days and that's all the pills they would prescribe me. I explained I wanted to wait because I was at my grandmother's funeral, but they didn't care. I was forced to start withdrawals the day after her funeral.  I only later on learned that it is extremely dangerous to withdraw from a benzo in 7 days. In fact, most recommend withdrawing over months or even years. My psychiatrist seemed to think what she did was reasonable. Lorazepam is one of the few drugs you can die from just the withdrawal effects.  As a result I was unable to take a job offer I finally got in December because I was so sick and haven't been working the past 7 months. My symptoms were unbearable.   I had: severe depression, severe anxiety, panic attacks multiple times a day, hallucinations, paranoia, delusions, muscle cramps, muscle convulsions, severe motion sickness that kept me house bound, diarrhea, shakes, hot flashes, tremors, weird pain such as severe teeth pain, heart palpitations, suicidal thoughts, nausea, zero appetite, severe weight loss, insomnia, nightmares, etc.  Just about anything and everything. It was the worst pain I've ever had to go through in my life. Those months were truly hell. I almost voluntarily put myself in the psych ward because of my suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety, and hallucinations. The only reason I didn't was because I kept researching online anything to help me and learned about CBD oil and went back to my psychiatrist and begged her to give me that and she did and it helped immensely. It was the first time in days I could eat a full meal.  Since this happened I've been researching more and have been told by other mental health professionals that my symptoms seem more like complex PTSD (stemming from an abusive childhood) or bipolar. I asked my therapist (who is in the same office as my psychiatrist) and she was like well of course you have PTSD. She seemed under the impression she or my doctor had already told me that when they in fact never did. It doesn't make sense either as benzos are known to exacerbate PTSD symptoms, which is certainly what they seemed to do for me.  I'm finally starting to get back on my feet. I seem over the physical withdrawal symptoms, but still have many mental ones such as occasional severe paranoia, slight hallucinations when I feel very paranoid, depression, suicidal thoughts, and anxiety that is severe enough I can hardly go to a store by myself.  I know I overdosed, but that doesn't seem like an excuse to put me through such rapid withdrawals. I have never heard of anyone being taken off Lorazepam in 7 days.   Was this malpractice? I'm curious to know if I could have a lawsuit or not.
8zj69y,2886,2896,ADR,depression,lorazepam,lorazepam,Was My Rapid Withdrawal from Benzos Malpractice by My Psychiatrist? Hi everyone,  I'm on month 7 of withdrawal from lorazepam (Atrivan), a benzodiapine for anxiety.  I'm wondering if what my psychiatrist did was malpractice or not?  TLDR: My psychiatrist withdrew me off of lorazepam in seven days 100% from a dose of 3-4mg a day. She knew I was in emotional distress before withdrawing too as she knew my engagement broke off and my grandmother died. I actually had to start withdrawing the day after my grandmother's funeral. If you don't know what Lorazepam is, it's a benzo that is recommended to withdraw from over months or even years. Benzos are commonly known as being the hardest substance to withdraw from (even harder than heroin). In fact, they are one of the few drugs that the withdrawal symptoms alone can kill people. I believe my psychiatrist was reckless and could've put my life in jeopardy.   Here's my story in detail:  I started on Lorazepam in August of 2014 along with Prozac. After one session my psychiatrist diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. She wrote me the prescription without warning me of withdrawal symptoms or not to drink alcohol with lorazepam. Stupid, young me didn't even realize that prescriptions given for mental illnesses had withdrawal symptoms. I was just excited to finally get help for my anxiety that prevented me from attending college regularly and doing everyday social things in public like getting groceries without having a panic attack in the store.  I didn't like how I was feeling (got nauseous and extremely gaggy to the point I was dry heaving every day) so she placed me on Zoloft after a short time along with the lorazepam instead of Prozac. I kept having the same issues so I was put on Paxil instead of Zoloft, all the while being on lorazepam (3-4mg a day).  While on Paxil I felt very out of control. I started drinking daily and doing reckless things (which is very abnormal for me as I'm a very mature and responsible person) as I wasn't informed never to drink on lorazepam. I started cutting myself for the first time in my life to help my emotional pain. I also overdosed on some leftover Vicodin (parents took me to the hospital, was okay) and months later attempted suicide on all of my leftover Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac, and about somewhere from 85-120mg of lorazepam. I went to the hospital in an ambulance and don't remember much of what happened. I was placed in the hospital's psych ward for four days.  After my suicide attempt I withdrew from Paxil a couple of months later. I was sick for a week then felt better. I remained on Lorazepam the entire time. After my suicide attempt I was required to start seeing a therapist and started seeing a therapist who works in the same office as my psychiatrist.  Next I was put on Norepinephrine (sp?) because my depression was so terrible. I also had horrible side effects on this stuff, and begged to see my psychiatrist one day during my break between college classes because I couldn't take the horrible feeling. She took me off of Norepinephrine and placed me on Zyprexa.   Zyprexa worked for me better than anything. I had little side effects besides weight gain. It helped me eat (something I struggle with because of my anxiety), helped me sleep amazing, and almost immediately relieved my depression symptoms.   I stayed on Zyprexa for about 1 year, 8 months along with Lorazepam. I still cut myself whenever I had an overwhelming emotional distress.  I went off Zyprexa because my psychiatrist said I was gaining too much weight and that Zyprexa can cause diabetes if you stay on it too long, which is another thing she didn't warn me about before I started it. My depression was better so I went off and had again about a week of crappy withdrawal then felt better.  I stayed on Lorazepam and that was my only medication for 7 months. In December of last year I found out some rather unpleasant things about my fiancé and the same day about 10 minutes after I found out those things and broke off my engagement with him I found out from my parents my grandma was dying. She died the next day on Christmas Eve.   Being on Lorazepam always made me do weird things I had never done in my life before such as cutting, my Vicodin overdose, my suicide attempt, and after I found out these things in one day I overdosed on my Lorazepam to forget what had happened. I took about 40mg. The next morning I barely remember this, but I cut myself again and cut off my hair. All very bizarre behavior for me.  After this happened, I had to leave town for my grandmother's funeral. I knew I would run out of my Lorazepam early because of my overdose and out of embarrassment and shame told my psychiatrist (over the phone through their patient care coordinator) I dropped them down the drain instead. I don't think she believed me because of my previous suicide attempt. The patient care coordinator told me I had to withdraw from them.  I wanted to talk to my doctor, but they refused. I told them what had happened and that I was out of town for my grandmother's funeral, but it made no difference. My psychiatrist didn't even give me a 5 minute phone call to explain withdrawing to me. Instead I got a video chat from another lady who works in their office that I had never met before, didn't know my circumstances, or me. I was informed I had to withdraw in 7 days and that's all the pills they would prescribe me. I explained I wanted to wait because I was at my grandmother's funeral, but they didn't care. I was forced to start withdrawals the day after her funeral.  I only later on learned that it is extremely dangerous to withdraw from a benzo in 7 days. In fact, most recommend withdrawing over months or even years. My psychiatrist seemed to think what she did was reasonable. Lorazepam is one of the few drugs you can die from just the withdrawal effects.  As a result I was unable to take a job offer I finally got in December because I was so sick and haven't been working the past 7 months. My symptoms were unbearable.   I had: severe depression, severe anxiety, panic attacks multiple times a day, hallucinations, paranoia, delusions, muscle cramps, muscle convulsions, severe motion sickness that kept me house bound, diarrhea, shakes, hot flashes, tremors, weird pain such as severe teeth pain, heart palpitations, suicidal thoughts, nausea, zero appetite, severe weight loss, insomnia, nightmares, etc.  Just about anything and everything. It was the worst pain I've ever had to go through in my life. Those months were truly hell. I almost voluntarily put myself in the psych ward because of my suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety, and hallucinations. The only reason I didn't was because I kept researching online anything to help me and learned about CBD oil and went back to my psychiatrist and begged her to give me that and she did and it helped immensely. It was the first time in days I could eat a full meal.  Since this happened I've been researching more and have been told by other mental health professionals that my symptoms seem more like complex PTSD (stemming from an abusive childhood) or bipolar. I asked my therapist (who is in the same office as my psychiatrist) and she was like well of course you have PTSD. She seemed under the impression she or my doctor had already told me that when they in fact never did. It doesn't make sense either as benzos are known to exacerbate PTSD symptoms, which is certainly what they seemed to do for me.  I'm finally starting to get back on my feet. I seem over the physical withdrawal symptoms, but still have many mental ones such as occasional severe paranoia, slight hallucinations when I feel very paranoid, depression, suicidal thoughts, and anxiety that is severe enough I can hardly go to a store by myself.  I know I overdosed, but that doesn't seem like an excuse to put me through such rapid withdrawals. I have never heard of anyone being taken off Lorazepam in 7 days.   Was this malpractice? I'm curious to know if I could have a lawsuit or not.
8zj69y,6135,6150,ADR,severe anxiety,,lorazepam,lorazepam,Was My Rapid Withdrawal from Benzos Malpractice by My Psychiatrist? Hi everyone,  I'm on month 7 of withdrawal from lorazepam (Atrivan), a benzodiapine for anxiety.  I'm wondering if what my psychiatrist did was malpractice or not?  TLDR: My psychiatrist withdrew me off of lorazepam in seven days 100% from a dose of 3-4mg a day. She knew I was in emotional distress before withdrawing too as she knew my engagement broke off and my grandmother died. I actually had to start withdrawing the day after my grandmother's funeral. If you don't know what Lorazepam is, it's a benzo that is recommended to withdraw from over months or even years. Benzos are commonly known as being the hardest substance to withdraw from (even harder than heroin). In fact, they are one of the few drugs that the withdrawal symptoms alone can kill people. I believe my psychiatrist was reckless and could've put my life in jeopardy.   Here's my story in detail:  I started on Lorazepam in August of 2014 along with Prozac. After one session my psychiatrist diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. She wrote me the prescription without warning me of withdrawal symptoms or not to drink alcohol with lorazepam. Stupid, young me didn't even realize that prescriptions given for mental illnesses had withdrawal symptoms. I was just excited to finally get help for my anxiety that prevented me from attending college regularly and doing everyday social things in public like getting groceries without having a panic attack in the store.  I didn't like how I was feeling (got nauseous and extremely gaggy to the point I was dry heaving every day) so she placed me on Zoloft after a short time along with the lorazepam instead of Prozac. I kept having the same issues so I was put on Paxil instead of Zoloft, all the while being on lorazepam (3-4mg a day).  While on Paxil I felt very out of control. I started drinking daily and doing reckless things (which is very abnormal for me as I'm a very mature and responsible person) as I wasn't informed never to drink on lorazepam. I started cutting myself for the first time in my life to help my emotional pain. I also overdosed on some leftover Vicodin (parents took me to the hospital, was okay) and months later attempted suicide on all of my leftover Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac, and about somewhere from 85-120mg of lorazepam. I went to the hospital in an ambulance and don't remember much of what happened. I was placed in the hospital's psych ward for four days.  After my suicide attempt I withdrew from Paxil a couple of months later. I was sick for a week then felt better. I remained on Lorazepam the entire time. After my suicide attempt I was required to start seeing a therapist and started seeing a therapist who works in the same office as my psychiatrist.  Next I was put on Norepinephrine (sp?) because my depression was so terrible. I also had horrible side effects on this stuff, and begged to see my psychiatrist one day during my break between college classes because I couldn't take the horrible feeling. She took me off of Norepinephrine and placed me on Zyprexa.   Zyprexa worked for me better than anything. I had little side effects besides weight gain. It helped me eat (something I struggle with because of my anxiety), helped me sleep amazing, and almost immediately relieved my depression symptoms.   I stayed on Zyprexa for about 1 year, 8 months along with Lorazepam. I still cut myself whenever I had an overwhelming emotional distress.  I went off Zyprexa because my psychiatrist said I was gaining too much weight and that Zyprexa can cause diabetes if you stay on it too long, which is another thing she didn't warn me about before I started it. My depression was better so I went off and had again about a week of crappy withdrawal then felt better.  I stayed on Lorazepam and that was my only medication for 7 months. In December of last year I found out some rather unpleasant things about my fiancé and the same day about 10 minutes after I found out those things and broke off my engagement with him I found out from my parents my grandma was dying. She died the next day on Christmas Eve.   Being on Lorazepam always made me do weird things I had never done in my life before such as cutting, my Vicodin overdose, my suicide attempt, and after I found out these things in one day I overdosed on my Lorazepam to forget what had happened. I took about 40mg. The next morning I barely remember this, but I cut myself again and cut off my hair. All very bizarre behavior for me.  After this happened, I had to leave town for my grandmother's funeral. I knew I would run out of my Lorazepam early because of my overdose and out of embarrassment and shame told my psychiatrist (over the phone through their patient care coordinator) I dropped them down the drain instead. I don't think she believed me because of my previous suicide attempt. The patient care coordinator told me I had to withdraw from them.  I wanted to talk to my doctor, but they refused. I told them what had happened and that I was out of town for my grandmother's funeral, but it made no difference. My psychiatrist didn't even give me a 5 minute phone call to explain withdrawing to me. Instead I got a video chat from another lady who works in their office that I had never met before, didn't know my circumstances, or me. I was informed I had to withdraw in 7 days and that's all the pills they would prescribe me. I explained I wanted to wait because I was at my grandmother's funeral, but they didn't care. I was forced to start withdrawals the day after her funeral.  I only later on learned that it is extremely dangerous to withdraw from a benzo in 7 days. In fact, most recommend withdrawing over months or even years. My psychiatrist seemed to think what she did was reasonable. Lorazepam is one of the few drugs you can die from just the withdrawal effects.  As a result I was unable to take a job offer I finally got in December because I was so sick and haven't been working the past 7 months. My symptoms were unbearable.   I had: severe depression, severe anxiety, panic attacks multiple times a day, hallucinations, paranoia, delusions, muscle cramps, muscle convulsions, severe motion sickness that kept me house bound, diarrhea, shakes, hot flashes, tremors, weird pain such as severe teeth pain, heart palpitations, suicidal thoughts, nausea, zero appetite, severe weight loss, insomnia, nightmares, etc.  Just about anything and everything. It was the worst pain I've ever had to go through in my life. Those months were truly hell. I almost voluntarily put myself in the psych ward because of my suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety, and hallucinations. The only reason I didn't was because I kept researching online anything to help me and learned about CBD oil and went back to my psychiatrist and begged her to give me that and she did and it helped immensely. It was the first time in days I could eat a full meal.  Since this happened I've been researching more and have been told by other mental health professionals that my symptoms seem more like complex PTSD (stemming from an abusive childhood) or bipolar. I asked my therapist (who is in the same office as my psychiatrist) and she was like well of course you have PTSD. She seemed under the impression she or my doctor had already told me that when they in fact never did. It doesn't make sense either as benzos are known to exacerbate PTSD symptoms, which is certainly what they seemed to do for me.  I'm finally starting to get back on my feet. I seem over the physical withdrawal symptoms, but still have many mental ones such as occasional severe paranoia, slight hallucinations when I feel very paranoid, depression, suicidal thoughts, and anxiety that is severe enough I can hardly go to a store by myself.  I know I overdosed, but that doesn't seem like an excuse to put me through such rapid withdrawals. I have never heard of anyone being taken off Lorazepam in 7 days.   Was this malpractice? I'm curious to know if I could have a lawsuit or not.
8zj69y,6151,6164,ADR,panic attacks,lorazepam,lorazepam,Was My Rapid Withdrawal from Benzos Malpractice by My Psychiatrist? Hi everyone,  I'm on month 7 of withdrawal from lorazepam (Atrivan), a benzodiapine for anxiety.  I'm wondering if what my psychiatrist did was malpractice or not?  TLDR: My psychiatrist withdrew me off of lorazepam in seven days 100% from a dose of 3-4mg a day. She knew I was in emotional distress before withdrawing too as she knew my engagement broke off and my grandmother died. I actually had to start withdrawing the day after my grandmother's funeral. If you don't know what Lorazepam is, it's a benzo that is recommended to withdraw from over months or even years. Benzos are commonly known as being the hardest substance to withdraw from (even harder than heroin). In fact, they are one of the few drugs that the withdrawal symptoms alone can kill people. I believe my psychiatrist was reckless and could've put my life in jeopardy.   Here's my story in detail:  I started on Lorazepam in August of 2014 along with Prozac. After one session my psychiatrist diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. She wrote me the prescription without warning me of withdrawal symptoms or not to drink alcohol with lorazepam. Stupid, young me didn't even realize that prescriptions given for mental illnesses had withdrawal symptoms. I was just excited to finally get help for my anxiety that prevented me from attending college regularly and doing everyday social things in public like getting groceries without having a panic attack in the store.  I didn't like how I was feeling (got nauseous and extremely gaggy to the point I was dry heaving every day) so she placed me on Zoloft after a short time along with the lorazepam instead of Prozac. I kept having the same issues so I was put on Paxil instead of Zoloft, all the while being on lorazepam (3-4mg a day).  While on Paxil I felt very out of control. I started drinking daily and doing reckless things (which is very abnormal for me as I'm a very mature and responsible person) as I wasn't informed never to drink on lorazepam. I started cutting myself for the first time in my life to help my emotional pain. I also overdosed on some leftover Vicodin (parents took me to the hospital, was okay) and months later attempted suicide on all of my leftover Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac, and about somewhere from 85-120mg of lorazepam. I went to the hospital in an ambulance and don't remember much of what happened. I was placed in the hospital's psych ward for four days.  After my suicide attempt I withdrew from Paxil a couple of months later. I was sick for a week then felt better. I remained on Lorazepam the entire time. After my suicide attempt I was required to start seeing a therapist and started seeing a therapist who works in the same office as my psychiatrist.  Next I was put on Norepinephrine (sp?) because my depression was so terrible. I also had horrible side effects on this stuff, and begged to see my psychiatrist one day during my break between college classes because I couldn't take the horrible feeling. She took me off of Norepinephrine and placed me on Zyprexa.   Zyprexa worked for me better than anything. I had little side effects besides weight gain. It helped me eat (something I struggle with because of my anxiety), helped me sleep amazing, and almost immediately relieved my depression symptoms.   I stayed on Zyprexa for about 1 year, 8 months along with Lorazepam. I still cut myself whenever I had an overwhelming emotional distress.  I went off Zyprexa because my psychiatrist said I was gaining too much weight and that Zyprexa can cause diabetes if you stay on it too long, which is another thing she didn't warn me about before I started it. My depression was better so I went off and had again about a week of crappy withdrawal then felt better.  I stayed on Lorazepam and that was my only medication for 7 months. In December of last year I found out some rather unpleasant things about my fiancé and the same day about 10 minutes after I found out those things and broke off my engagement with him I found out from my parents my grandma was dying. She died the next day on Christmas Eve.   Being on Lorazepam always made me do weird things I had never done in my life before such as cutting, my Vicodin overdose, my suicide attempt, and after I found out these things in one day I overdosed on my Lorazepam to forget what had happened. I took about 40mg. The next morning I barely remember this, but I cut myself again and cut off my hair. All very bizarre behavior for me.  After this happened, I had to leave town for my grandmother's funeral. I knew I would run out of my Lorazepam early because of my overdose and out of embarrassment and shame told my psychiatrist (over the phone through their patient care coordinator) I dropped them down the drain instead. I don't think she believed me because of my previous suicide attempt. The patient care coordinator told me I had to withdraw from them.  I wanted to talk to my doctor, but they refused. I told them what had happened and that I was out of town for my grandmother's funeral, but it made no difference. My psychiatrist didn't even give me a 5 minute phone call to explain withdrawing to me. Instead I got a video chat from another lady who works in their office that I had never met before, didn't know my circumstances, or me. I was informed I had to withdraw in 7 days and that's all the pills they would prescribe me. I explained I wanted to wait because I was at my grandmother's funeral, but they didn't care. I was forced to start withdrawals the day after her funeral.  I only later on learned that it is extremely dangerous to withdraw from a benzo in 7 days. In fact, most recommend withdrawing over months or even years. My psychiatrist seemed to think what she did was reasonable. Lorazepam is one of the few drugs you can die from just the withdrawal effects.  As a result I was unable to take a job offer I finally got in December because I was so sick and haven't been working the past 7 months. My symptoms were unbearable.   I had: severe depression, severe anxiety, panic attacks multiple times a day, hallucinations, paranoia, delusions, muscle cramps, muscle convulsions, severe motion sickness that kept me house bound, diarrhea, shakes, hot flashes, tremors, weird pain such as severe teeth pain, heart palpitations, suicidal thoughts, nausea, zero appetite, severe weight loss, insomnia, nightmares, etc.  Just about anything and everything. It was the worst pain I've ever had to go through in my life. Those months were truly hell. I almost voluntarily put myself in the psych ward because of my suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety, and hallucinations. The only reason I didn't was because I kept researching online anything to help me and learned about CBD oil and went back to my psychiatrist and begged her to give me that and she did and it helped immensely. It was the first time in days I could eat a full meal.  Since this happened I've been researching more and have been told by other mental health professionals that my symptoms seem more like complex PTSD (stemming from an abusive childhood) or bipolar. I asked my therapist (who is in the same office as my psychiatrist) and she was like well of course you have PTSD. She seemed under the impression she or my doctor had already told me that when they in fact never did. It doesn't make sense either as benzos are known to exacerbate PTSD symptoms, which is certainly what they seemed to do for me.  I'm finally starting to get back on my feet. I seem over the physical withdrawal symptoms, but still have many mental ones such as occasional severe paranoia, slight hallucinations when I feel very paranoid, depression, suicidal thoughts, and anxiety that is severe enough I can hardly go to a store by myself.  I know I overdosed, but that doesn't seem like an excuse to put me through such rapid withdrawals. I have never heard of anyone being taken off Lorazepam in 7 days.   Was this malpractice? I'm curious to know if I could have a lawsuit or not.
8zj69y,6187,6201,ADR,hallucinations,lorazepam,lorazepam,Was My Rapid Withdrawal from Benzos Malpractice by My Psychiatrist? Hi everyone,  I'm on month 7 of withdrawal from lorazepam (Atrivan), a benzodiapine for anxiety.  I'm wondering if what my psychiatrist did was malpractice or not?  TLDR: My psychiatrist withdrew me off of lorazepam in seven days 100% from a dose of 3-4mg a day. She knew I was in emotional distress before withdrawing too as she knew my engagement broke off and my grandmother died. I actually had to start withdrawing the day after my grandmother's funeral. If you don't know what Lorazepam is, it's a benzo that is recommended to withdraw from over months or even years. Benzos are commonly known as being the hardest substance to withdraw from (even harder than heroin). In fact, they are one of the few drugs that the withdrawal symptoms alone can kill people. I believe my psychiatrist was reckless and could've put my life in jeopardy.   Here's my story in detail:  I started on Lorazepam in August of 2014 along with Prozac. After one session my psychiatrist diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. She wrote me the prescription without warning me of withdrawal symptoms or not to drink alcohol with lorazepam. Stupid, young me didn't even realize that prescriptions given for mental illnesses had withdrawal symptoms. I was just excited to finally get help for my anxiety that prevented me from attending college regularly and doing everyday social things in public like getting groceries without having a panic attack in the store.  I didn't like how I was feeling (got nauseous and extremely gaggy to the point I was dry heaving every day) so she placed me on Zoloft after a short time along with the lorazepam instead of Prozac. I kept having the same issues so I was put on Paxil instead of Zoloft, all the while being on lorazepam (3-4mg a day).  While on Paxil I felt very out of control. I started drinking daily and doing reckless things (which is very abnormal for me as I'm a very mature and responsible person) as I wasn't informed never to drink on lorazepam. I started cutting myself for the first time in my life to help my emotional pain. I also overdosed on some leftover Vicodin (parents took me to the hospital, was okay) and months later attempted suicide on all of my leftover Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac, and about somewhere from 85-120mg of lorazepam. I went to the hospital in an ambulance and don't remember much of what happened. I was placed in the hospital's psych ward for four days.  After my suicide attempt I withdrew from Paxil a couple of months later. I was sick for a week then felt better. I remained on Lorazepam the entire time. After my suicide attempt I was required to start seeing a therapist and started seeing a therapist who works in the same office as my psychiatrist.  Next I was put on Norepinephrine (sp?) because my depression was so terrible. I also had horrible side effects on this stuff, and begged to see my psychiatrist one day during my break between college classes because I couldn't take the horrible feeling. She took me off of Norepinephrine and placed me on Zyprexa.   Zyprexa worked for me better than anything. I had little side effects besides weight gain. It helped me eat (something I struggle with because of my anxiety), helped me sleep amazing, and almost immediately relieved my depression symptoms.   I stayed on Zyprexa for about 1 year, 8 months along with Lorazepam. I still cut myself whenever I had an overwhelming emotional distress.  I went off Zyprexa because my psychiatrist said I was gaining too much weight and that Zyprexa can cause diabetes if you stay on it too long, which is another thing she didn't warn me about before I started it. My depression was better so I went off and had again about a week of crappy withdrawal then felt better.  I stayed on Lorazepam and that was my only medication for 7 months. In December of last year I found out some rather unpleasant things about my fiancé and the same day about 10 minutes after I found out those things and broke off my engagement with him I found out from my parents my grandma was dying. She died the next day on Christmas Eve.   Being on Lorazepam always made me do weird things I had never done in my life before such as cutting, my Vicodin overdose, my suicide attempt, and after I found out these things in one day I overdosed on my Lorazepam to forget what had happened. I took about 40mg. The next morning I barely remember this, but I cut myself again and cut off my hair. All very bizarre behavior for me.  After this happened, I had to leave town for my grandmother's funeral. I knew I would run out of my Lorazepam early because of my overdose and out of embarrassment and shame told my psychiatrist (over the phone through their patient care coordinator) I dropped them down the drain instead. I don't think she believed me because of my previous suicide attempt. The patient care coordinator told me I had to withdraw from them.  I wanted to talk to my doctor, but they refused. I told them what had happened and that I was out of town for my grandmother's funeral, but it made no difference. My psychiatrist didn't even give me a 5 minute phone call to explain withdrawing to me. Instead I got a video chat from another lady who works in their office that I had never met before, didn't know my circumstances, or me. I was informed I had to withdraw in 7 days and that's all the pills they would prescribe me. I explained I wanted to wait because I was at my grandmother's funeral, but they didn't care. I was forced to start withdrawals the day after her funeral.  I only later on learned that it is extremely dangerous to withdraw from a benzo in 7 days. In fact, most recommend withdrawing over months or even years. My psychiatrist seemed to think what she did was reasonable. Lorazepam is one of the few drugs you can die from just the withdrawal effects.  As a result I was unable to take a job offer I finally got in December because I was so sick and haven't been working the past 7 months. My symptoms were unbearable.   I had: severe depression, severe anxiety, panic attacks multiple times a day, hallucinations, paranoia, delusions, muscle cramps, muscle convulsions, severe motion sickness that kept me house bound, diarrhea, shakes, hot flashes, tremors, weird pain such as severe teeth pain, heart palpitations, suicidal thoughts, nausea, zero appetite, severe weight loss, insomnia, nightmares, etc.  Just about anything and everything. It was the worst pain I've ever had to go through in my life. Those months were truly hell. I almost voluntarily put myself in the psych ward because of my suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety, and hallucinations. The only reason I didn't was because I kept researching online anything to help me and learned about CBD oil and went back to my psychiatrist and begged her to give me that and she did and it helped immensely. It was the first time in days I could eat a full meal.  Since this happened I've been researching more and have been told by other mental health professionals that my symptoms seem more like complex PTSD (stemming from an abusive childhood) or bipolar. I asked my therapist (who is in the same office as my psychiatrist) and she was like well of course you have PTSD. She seemed under the impression she or my doctor had already told me that when they in fact never did. It doesn't make sense either as benzos are known to exacerbate PTSD symptoms, which is certainly what they seemed to do for me.  I'm finally starting to get back on my feet. I seem over the physical withdrawal symptoms, but still have many mental ones such as occasional severe paranoia, slight hallucinations when I feel very paranoid, depression, suicidal thoughts, and anxiety that is severe enough I can hardly go to a store by myself.  I know I overdosed, but that doesn't seem like an excuse to put me through such rapid withdrawals. I have never heard of anyone being taken off Lorazepam in 7 days.   Was this malpractice? I'm curious to know if I could have a lawsuit or not.
8zj69y,6203,6211,ADR,paranoia,lorazepam,lorazepam,Was My Rapid Withdrawal from Benzos Malpractice by My Psychiatrist? Hi everyone,  I'm on month 7 of withdrawal from lorazepam (Atrivan), a benzodiapine for anxiety.  I'm wondering if what my psychiatrist did was malpractice or not?  TLDR: My psychiatrist withdrew me off of lorazepam in seven days 100% from a dose of 3-4mg a day. She knew I was in emotional distress before withdrawing too as she knew my engagement broke off and my grandmother died. I actually had to start withdrawing the day after my grandmother's funeral. If you don't know what Lorazepam is, it's a benzo that is recommended to withdraw from over months or even years. Benzos are commonly known as being the hardest substance to withdraw from (even harder than heroin). In fact, they are one of the few drugs that the withdrawal symptoms alone can kill people. I believe my psychiatrist was reckless and could've put my life in jeopardy.   Here's my story in detail:  I started on Lorazepam in August of 2014 along with Prozac. After one session my psychiatrist diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. She wrote me the prescription without warning me of withdrawal symptoms or not to drink alcohol with lorazepam. Stupid, young me didn't even realize that prescriptions given for mental illnesses had withdrawal symptoms. I was just excited to finally get help for my anxiety that prevented me from attending college regularly and doing everyday social things in public like getting groceries without having a panic attack in the store.  I didn't like how I was feeling (got nauseous and extremely gaggy to the point I was dry heaving every day) so she placed me on Zoloft after a short time along with the lorazepam instead of Prozac. I kept having the same issues so I was put on Paxil instead of Zoloft, all the while being on lorazepam (3-4mg a day).  While on Paxil I felt very out of control. I started drinking daily and doing reckless things (which is very abnormal for me as I'm a very mature and responsible person) as I wasn't informed never to drink on lorazepam. I started cutting myself for the first time in my life to help my emotional pain. I also overdosed on some leftover Vicodin (parents took me to the hospital, was okay) and months later attempted suicide on all of my leftover Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac, and about somewhere from 85-120mg of lorazepam. I went to the hospital in an ambulance and don't remember much of what happened. I was placed in the hospital's psych ward for four days.  After my suicide attempt I withdrew from Paxil a couple of months later. I was sick for a week then felt better. I remained on Lorazepam the entire time. After my suicide attempt I was required to start seeing a therapist and started seeing a therapist who works in the same office as my psychiatrist.  Next I was put on Norepinephrine (sp?) because my depression was so terrible. I also had horrible side effects on this stuff, and begged to see my psychiatrist one day during my break between college classes because I couldn't take the horrible feeling. She took me off of Norepinephrine and placed me on Zyprexa.   Zyprexa worked for me better than anything. I had little side effects besides weight gain. It helped me eat (something I struggle with because of my anxiety), helped me sleep amazing, and almost immediately relieved my depression symptoms.   I stayed on Zyprexa for about 1 year, 8 months along with Lorazepam. I still cut myself whenever I had an overwhelming emotional distress.  I went off Zyprexa because my psychiatrist said I was gaining too much weight and that Zyprexa can cause diabetes if you stay on it too long, which is another thing she didn't warn me about before I started it. My depression was better so I went off and had again about a week of crappy withdrawal then felt better.  I stayed on Lorazepam and that was my only medication for 7 months. In December of last year I found out some rather unpleasant things about my fiancé and the same day about 10 minutes after I found out those things and broke off my engagement with him I found out from my parents my grandma was dying. She died the next day on Christmas Eve.   Being on Lorazepam always made me do weird things I had never done in my life before such as cutting, my Vicodin overdose, my suicide attempt, and after I found out these things in one day I overdosed on my Lorazepam to forget what had happened. I took about 40mg. The next morning I barely remember this, but I cut myself again and cut off my hair. All very bizarre behavior for me.  After this happened, I had to leave town for my grandmother's funeral. I knew I would run out of my Lorazepam early because of my overdose and out of embarrassment and shame told my psychiatrist (over the phone through their patient care coordinator) I dropped them down the drain instead. I don't think she believed me because of my previous suicide attempt. The patient care coordinator told me I had to withdraw from them.  I wanted to talk to my doctor, but they refused. I told them what had happened and that I was out of town for my grandmother's funeral, but it made no difference. My psychiatrist didn't even give me a 5 minute phone call to explain withdrawing to me. Instead I got a video chat from another lady who works in their office that I had never met before, didn't know my circumstances, or me. I was informed I had to withdraw in 7 days and that's all the pills they would prescribe me. I explained I wanted to wait because I was at my grandmother's funeral, but they didn't care. I was forced to start withdrawals the day after her funeral.  I only later on learned that it is extremely dangerous to withdraw from a benzo in 7 days. In fact, most recommend withdrawing over months or even years. My psychiatrist seemed to think what she did was reasonable. Lorazepam is one of the few drugs you can die from just the withdrawal effects.  As a result I was unable to take a job offer I finally got in December because I was so sick and haven't been working the past 7 months. My symptoms were unbearable.   I had: severe depression, severe anxiety, panic attacks multiple times a day, hallucinations, paranoia, delusions, muscle cramps, muscle convulsions, severe motion sickness that kept me house bound, diarrhea, shakes, hot flashes, tremors, weird pain such as severe teeth pain, heart palpitations, suicidal thoughts, nausea, zero appetite, severe weight loss, insomnia, nightmares, etc.  Just about anything and everything. It was the worst pain I've ever had to go through in my life. Those months were truly hell. I almost voluntarily put myself in the psych ward because of my suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety, and hallucinations. The only reason I didn't was because I kept researching online anything to help me and learned about CBD oil and went back to my psychiatrist and begged her to give me that and she did and it helped immensely. It was the first time in days I could eat a full meal.  Since this happened I've been researching more and have been told by other mental health professionals that my symptoms seem more like complex PTSD (stemming from an abusive childhood) or bipolar. I asked my therapist (who is in the same office as my psychiatrist) and she was like well of course you have PTSD. She seemed under the impression she or my doctor had already told me that when they in fact never did. It doesn't make sense either as benzos are known to exacerbate PTSD symptoms, which is certainly what they seemed to do for me.  I'm finally starting to get back on my feet. I seem over the physical withdrawal symptoms, but still have many mental ones such as occasional severe paranoia, slight hallucinations when I feel very paranoid, depression, suicidal thoughts, and anxiety that is severe enough I can hardly go to a store by myself.  I know I overdosed, but that doesn't seem like an excuse to put me through such rapid withdrawals. I have never heard of anyone being taken off Lorazepam in 7 days.   Was this malpractice? I'm curious to know if I could have a lawsuit or not.
8zj69y,6213,6222,ADR,delusions,lorazepam,lorazepam,Was My Rapid Withdrawal from Benzos Malpractice by My Psychiatrist? Hi everyone,  I'm on month 7 of withdrawal from lorazepam (Atrivan), a benzodiapine for anxiety.  I'm wondering if what my psychiatrist did was malpractice or not?  TLDR: My psychiatrist withdrew me off of lorazepam in seven days 100% from a dose of 3-4mg a day. She knew I was in emotional distress before withdrawing too as she knew my engagement broke off and my grandmother died. I actually had to start withdrawing the day after my grandmother's funeral. If you don't know what Lorazepam is, it's a benzo that is recommended to withdraw from over months or even years. Benzos are commonly known as being the hardest substance to withdraw from (even harder than heroin). In fact, they are one of the few drugs that the withdrawal symptoms alone can kill people. I believe my psychiatrist was reckless and could've put my life in jeopardy.   Here's my story in detail:  I started on Lorazepam in August of 2014 along with Prozac. After one session my psychiatrist diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. She wrote me the prescription without warning me of withdrawal symptoms or not to drink alcohol with lorazepam. Stupid, young me didn't even realize that prescriptions given for mental illnesses had withdrawal symptoms. I was just excited to finally get help for my anxiety that prevented me from attending college regularly and doing everyday social things in public like getting groceries without having a panic attack in the store.  I didn't like how I was feeling (got nauseous and extremely gaggy to the point I was dry heaving every day) so she placed me on Zoloft after a short time along with the lorazepam instead of Prozac. I kept having the same issues so I was put on Paxil instead of Zoloft, all the while being on lorazepam (3-4mg a day).  While on Paxil I felt very out of control. I started drinking daily and doing reckless things (which is very abnormal for me as I'm a very mature and responsible person) as I wasn't informed never to drink on lorazepam. I started cutting myself for the first time in my life to help my emotional pain. I also overdosed on some leftover Vicodin (parents took me to the hospital, was okay) and months later attempted suicide on all of my leftover Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac, and about somewhere from 85-120mg of lorazepam. I went to the hospital in an ambulance and don't remember much of what happened. I was placed in the hospital's psych ward for four days.  After my suicide attempt I withdrew from Paxil a couple of months later. I was sick for a week then felt better. I remained on Lorazepam the entire time. After my suicide attempt I was required to start seeing a therapist and started seeing a therapist who works in the same office as my psychiatrist.  Next I was put on Norepinephrine (sp?) because my depression was so terrible. I also had horrible side effects on this stuff, and begged to see my psychiatrist one day during my break between college classes because I couldn't take the horrible feeling. She took me off of Norepinephrine and placed me on Zyprexa.   Zyprexa worked for me better than anything. I had little side effects besides weight gain. It helped me eat (something I struggle with because of my anxiety), helped me sleep amazing, and almost immediately relieved my depression symptoms.   I stayed on Zyprexa for about 1 year, 8 months along with Lorazepam. I still cut myself whenever I had an overwhelming emotional distress.  I went off Zyprexa because my psychiatrist said I was gaining too much weight and that Zyprexa can cause diabetes if you stay on it too long, which is another thing she didn't warn me about before I started it. My depression was better so I went off and had again about a week of crappy withdrawal then felt better.  I stayed on Lorazepam and that was my only medication for 7 months. In December of last year I found out some rather unpleasant things about my fiancé and the same day about 10 minutes after I found out those things and broke off my engagement with him I found out from my parents my grandma was dying. She died the next day on Christmas Eve.   Being on Lorazepam always made me do weird things I had never done in my life before such as cutting, my Vicodin overdose, my suicide attempt, and after I found out these things in one day I overdosed on my Lorazepam to forget what had happened. I took about 40mg. The next morning I barely remember this, but I cut myself again and cut off my hair. All very bizarre behavior for me.  After this happened, I had to leave town for my grandmother's funeral. I knew I would run out of my Lorazepam early because of my overdose and out of embarrassment and shame told my psychiatrist (over the phone through their patient care coordinator) I dropped them down the drain instead. I don't think she believed me because of my previous suicide attempt. The patient care coordinator told me I had to withdraw from them.  I wanted to talk to my doctor, but they refused. I told them what had happened and that I was out of town for my grandmother's funeral, but it made no difference. My psychiatrist didn't even give me a 5 minute phone call to explain withdrawing to me. Instead I got a video chat from another lady who works in their office that I had never met before, didn't know my circumstances, or me. I was informed I had to withdraw in 7 days and that's all the pills they would prescribe me. I explained I wanted to wait because I was at my grandmother's funeral, but they didn't care. I was forced to start withdrawals the day after her funeral.  I only later on learned that it is extremely dangerous to withdraw from a benzo in 7 days. In fact, most recommend withdrawing over months or even years. My psychiatrist seemed to think what she did was reasonable. Lorazepam is one of the few drugs you can die from just the withdrawal effects.  As a result I was unable to take a job offer I finally got in December because I was so sick and haven't been working the past 7 months. My symptoms were unbearable.   I had: severe depression, severe anxiety, panic attacks multiple times a day, hallucinations, paranoia, delusions, muscle cramps, muscle convulsions, severe motion sickness that kept me house bound, diarrhea, shakes, hot flashes, tremors, weird pain such as severe teeth pain, heart palpitations, suicidal thoughts, nausea, zero appetite, severe weight loss, insomnia, nightmares, etc.  Just about anything and everything. It was the worst pain I've ever had to go through in my life. Those months were truly hell. I almost voluntarily put myself in the psych ward because of my suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety, and hallucinations. The only reason I didn't was because I kept researching online anything to help me and learned about CBD oil and went back to my psychiatrist and begged her to give me that and she did and it helped immensely. It was the first time in days I could eat a full meal.  Since this happened I've been researching more and have been told by other mental health professionals that my symptoms seem more like complex PTSD (stemming from an abusive childhood) or bipolar. I asked my therapist (who is in the same office as my psychiatrist) and she was like well of course you have PTSD. She seemed under the impression she or my doctor had already told me that when they in fact never did. It doesn't make sense either as benzos are known to exacerbate PTSD symptoms, which is certainly what they seemed to do for me.  I'm finally starting to get back on my feet. I seem over the physical withdrawal symptoms, but still have many mental ones such as occasional severe paranoia, slight hallucinations when I feel very paranoid, depression, suicidal thoughts, and anxiety that is severe enough I can hardly go to a store by myself.  I know I overdosed, but that doesn't seem like an excuse to put me through such rapid withdrawals. I have never heard of anyone being taken off Lorazepam in 7 days.   Was this malpractice? I'm curious to know if I could have a lawsuit or not.
8zj69y,6224,6237,ADR,muscle cramps,lorazepam,lorazepam,Was My Rapid Withdrawal from Benzos Malpractice by My Psychiatrist? Hi everyone,  I'm on month 7 of withdrawal from lorazepam (Atrivan), a benzodiapine for anxiety.  I'm wondering if what my psychiatrist did was malpractice or not?  TLDR: My psychiatrist withdrew me off of lorazepam in seven days 100% from a dose of 3-4mg a day. She knew I was in emotional distress before withdrawing too as she knew my engagement broke off and my grandmother died. I actually had to start withdrawing the day after my grandmother's funeral. If you don't know what Lorazepam is, it's a benzo that is recommended to withdraw from over months or even years. Benzos are commonly known as being the hardest substance to withdraw from (even harder than heroin). In fact, they are one of the few drugs that the withdrawal symptoms alone can kill people. I believe my psychiatrist was reckless and could've put my life in jeopardy.   Here's my story in detail:  I started on Lorazepam in August of 2014 along with Prozac. After one session my psychiatrist diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. She wrote me the prescription without warning me of withdrawal symptoms or not to drink alcohol with lorazepam. Stupid, young me didn't even realize that prescriptions given for mental illnesses had withdrawal symptoms. I was just excited to finally get help for my anxiety that prevented me from attending college regularly and doing everyday social things in public like getting groceries without having a panic attack in the store.  I didn't like how I was feeling (got nauseous and extremely gaggy to the point I was dry heaving every day) so she placed me on Zoloft after a short time along with the lorazepam instead of Prozac. I kept having the same issues so I was put on Paxil instead of Zoloft, all the while being on lorazepam (3-4mg a day).  While on Paxil I felt very out of control. I started drinking daily and doing reckless things (which is very abnormal for me as I'm a very mature and responsible person) as I wasn't informed never to drink on lorazepam. I started cutting myself for the first time in my life to help my emotional pain. I also overdosed on some leftover Vicodin (parents took me to the hospital, was okay) and months later attempted suicide on all of my leftover Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac, and about somewhere from 85-120mg of lorazepam. I went to the hospital in an ambulance and don't remember much of what happened. I was placed in the hospital's psych ward for four days.  After my suicide attempt I withdrew from Paxil a couple of months later. I was sick for a week then felt better. I remained on Lorazepam the entire time. After my suicide attempt I was required to start seeing a therapist and started seeing a therapist who works in the same office as my psychiatrist.  Next I was put on Norepinephrine (sp?) because my depression was so terrible. I also had horrible side effects on this stuff, and begged to see my psychiatrist one day during my break between college classes because I couldn't take the horrible feeling. She took me off of Norepinephrine and placed me on Zyprexa.   Zyprexa worked for me better than anything. I had little side effects besides weight gain. It helped me eat (something I struggle with because of my anxiety), helped me sleep amazing, and almost immediately relieved my depression symptoms.   I stayed on Zyprexa for about 1 year, 8 months along with Lorazepam. I still cut myself whenever I had an overwhelming emotional distress.  I went off Zyprexa because my psychiatrist said I was gaining too much weight and that Zyprexa can cause diabetes if you stay on it too long, which is another thing she didn't warn me about before I started it. My depression was better so I went off and had again about a week of crappy withdrawal then felt better.  I stayed on Lorazepam and that was my only medication for 7 months. In December of last year I found out some rather unpleasant things about my fiancé and the same day about 10 minutes after I found out those things and broke off my engagement with him I found out from my parents my grandma was dying. She died the next day on Christmas Eve.   Being on Lorazepam always made me do weird things I had never done in my life before such as cutting, my Vicodin overdose, my suicide attempt, and after I found out these things in one day I overdosed on my Lorazepam to forget what had happened. I took about 40mg. The next morning I barely remember this, but I cut myself again and cut off my hair. All very bizarre behavior for me.  After this happened, I had to leave town for my grandmother's funeral. I knew I would run out of my Lorazepam early because of my overdose and out of embarrassment and shame told my psychiatrist (over the phone through their patient care coordinator) I dropped them down the drain instead. I don't think she believed me because of my previous suicide attempt. The patient care coordinator told me I had to withdraw from them.  I wanted to talk to my doctor, but they refused. I told them what had happened and that I was out of town for my grandmother's funeral, but it made no difference. My psychiatrist didn't even give me a 5 minute phone call to explain withdrawing to me. Instead I got a video chat from another lady who works in their office that I had never met before, didn't know my circumstances, or me. I was informed I had to withdraw in 7 days and that's all the pills they would prescribe me. I explained I wanted to wait because I was at my grandmother's funeral, but they didn't care. I was forced to start withdrawals the day after her funeral.  I only later on learned that it is extremely dangerous to withdraw from a benzo in 7 days. In fact, most recommend withdrawing over months or even years. My psychiatrist seemed to think what she did was reasonable. Lorazepam is one of the few drugs you can die from just the withdrawal effects.  As a result I was unable to take a job offer I finally got in December because I was so sick and haven't been working the past 7 months. My symptoms were unbearable.   I had: severe depression, severe anxiety, panic attacks multiple times a day, hallucinations, paranoia, delusions, muscle cramps, muscle convulsions, severe motion sickness that kept me house bound, diarrhea, shakes, hot flashes, tremors, weird pain such as severe teeth pain, heart palpitations, suicidal thoughts, nausea, zero appetite, severe weight loss, insomnia, nightmares, etc.  Just about anything and everything. It was the worst pain I've ever had to go through in my life. Those months were truly hell. I almost voluntarily put myself in the psych ward because of my suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety, and hallucinations. The only reason I didn't was because I kept researching online anything to help me and learned about CBD oil and went back to my psychiatrist and begged her to give me that and she did and it helped immensely. It was the first time in days I could eat a full meal.  Since this happened I've been researching more and have been told by other mental health professionals that my symptoms seem more like complex PTSD (stemming from an abusive childhood) or bipolar. I asked my therapist (who is in the same office as my psychiatrist) and she was like well of course you have PTSD. She seemed under the impression she or my doctor had already told me that when they in fact never did. It doesn't make sense either as benzos are known to exacerbate PTSD symptoms, which is certainly what they seemed to do for me.  I'm finally starting to get back on my feet. I seem over the physical withdrawal symptoms, but still have many mental ones such as occasional severe paranoia, slight hallucinations when I feel very paranoid, depression, suicidal thoughts, and anxiety that is severe enough I can hardly go to a store by myself.  I know I overdosed, but that doesn't seem like an excuse to put me through such rapid withdrawals. I have never heard of anyone being taken off Lorazepam in 7 days.   Was this malpractice? I'm curious to know if I could have a lawsuit or not.
8zj69y,6246,6257,ADR,convulsions,lorazepam,lorazepam,Was My Rapid Withdrawal from Benzos Malpractice by My Psychiatrist? Hi everyone,  I'm on month 7 of withdrawal from lorazepam (Atrivan), a benzodiapine for anxiety.  I'm wondering if what my psychiatrist did was malpractice or not?  TLDR: My psychiatrist withdrew me off of lorazepam in seven days 100% from a dose of 3-4mg a day. She knew I was in emotional distress before withdrawing too as she knew my engagement broke off and my grandmother died. I actually had to start withdrawing the day after my grandmother's funeral. If you don't know what Lorazepam is, it's a benzo that is recommended to withdraw from over months or even years. Benzos are commonly known as being the hardest substance to withdraw from (even harder than heroin). In fact, they are one of the few drugs that the withdrawal symptoms alone can kill people. I believe my psychiatrist was reckless and could've put my life in jeopardy.   Here's my story in detail:  I started on Lorazepam in August of 2014 along with Prozac. After one session my psychiatrist diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. She wrote me the prescription without warning me of withdrawal symptoms or not to drink alcohol with lorazepam. Stupid, young me didn't even realize that prescriptions given for mental illnesses had withdrawal symptoms. I was just excited to finally get help for my anxiety that prevented me from attending college regularly and doing everyday social things in public like getting groceries without having a panic attack in the store.  I didn't like how I was feeling (got nauseous and extremely gaggy to the point I was dry heaving every day) so she placed me on Zoloft after a short time along with the lorazepam instead of Prozac. I kept having the same issues so I was put on Paxil instead of Zoloft, all the while being on lorazepam (3-4mg a day).  While on Paxil I felt very out of control. I started drinking daily and doing reckless things (which is very abnormal for me as I'm a very mature and responsible person) as I wasn't informed never to drink on lorazepam. I started cutting myself for the first time in my life to help my emotional pain. I also overdosed on some leftover Vicodin (parents took me to the hospital, was okay) and months later attempted suicide on all of my leftover Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac, and about somewhere from 85-120mg of lorazepam. I went to the hospital in an ambulance and don't remember much of what happened. I was placed in the hospital's psych ward for four days.  After my suicide attempt I withdrew from Paxil a couple of months later. I was sick for a week then felt better. I remained on Lorazepam the entire time. After my suicide attempt I was required to start seeing a therapist and started seeing a therapist who works in the same office as my psychiatrist.  Next I was put on Norepinephrine (sp?) because my depression was so terrible. I also had horrible side effects on this stuff, and begged to see my psychiatrist one day during my break between college classes because I couldn't take the horrible feeling. She took me off of Norepinephrine and placed me on Zyprexa.   Zyprexa worked for me better than anything. I had little side effects besides weight gain. It helped me eat (something I struggle with because of my anxiety), helped me sleep amazing, and almost immediately relieved my depression symptoms.   I stayed on Zyprexa for about 1 year, 8 months along with Lorazepam. I still cut myself whenever I had an overwhelming emotional distress.  I went off Zyprexa because my psychiatrist said I was gaining too much weight and that Zyprexa can cause diabetes if you stay on it too long, which is another thing she didn't warn me about before I started it. My depression was better so I went off and had again about a week of crappy withdrawal then felt better.  I stayed on Lorazepam and that was my only medication for 7 months. In December of last year I found out some rather unpleasant things about my fiancé and the same day about 10 minutes after I found out those things and broke off my engagement with him I found out from my parents my grandma was dying. She died the next day on Christmas Eve.   Being on Lorazepam always made me do weird things I had never done in my life before such as cutting, my Vicodin overdose, my suicide attempt, and after I found out these things in one day I overdosed on my Lorazepam to forget what had happened. I took about 40mg. The next morning I barely remember this, but I cut myself again and cut off my hair. All very bizarre behavior for me.  After this happened, I had to leave town for my grandmother's funeral. I knew I would run out of my Lorazepam early because of my overdose and out of embarrassment and shame told my psychiatrist (over the phone through their patient care coordinator) I dropped them down the drain instead. I don't think she believed me because of my previous suicide attempt. The patient care coordinator told me I had to withdraw from them.  I wanted to talk to my doctor, but they refused. I told them what had happened and that I was out of town for my grandmother's funeral, but it made no difference. My psychiatrist didn't even give me a 5 minute phone call to explain withdrawing to me. Instead I got a video chat from another lady who works in their office that I had never met before, didn't know my circumstances, or me. I was informed I had to withdraw in 7 days and that's all the pills they would prescribe me. I explained I wanted to wait because I was at my grandmother's funeral, but they didn't care. I was forced to start withdrawals the day after her funeral.  I only later on learned that it is extremely dangerous to withdraw from a benzo in 7 days. In fact, most recommend withdrawing over months or even years. My psychiatrist seemed to think what she did was reasonable. Lorazepam is one of the few drugs you can die from just the withdrawal effects.  As a result I was unable to take a job offer I finally got in December because I was so sick and haven't been working the past 7 months. My symptoms were unbearable.   I had: severe depression, severe anxiety, panic attacks multiple times a day, hallucinations, paranoia, delusions, muscle cramps, muscle convulsions, severe motion sickness that kept me house bound, diarrhea, shakes, hot flashes, tremors, weird pain such as severe teeth pain, heart palpitations, suicidal thoughts, nausea, zero appetite, severe weight loss, insomnia, nightmares, etc.  Just about anything and everything. It was the worst pain I've ever had to go through in my life. Those months were truly hell. I almost voluntarily put myself in the psych ward because of my suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety, and hallucinations. The only reason I didn't was because I kept researching online anything to help me and learned about CBD oil and went back to my psychiatrist and begged her to give me that and she did and it helped immensely. It was the first time in days I could eat a full meal.  Since this happened I've been researching more and have been told by other mental health professionals that my symptoms seem more like complex PTSD (stemming from an abusive childhood) or bipolar. I asked my therapist (who is in the same office as my psychiatrist) and she was like well of course you have PTSD. She seemed under the impression she or my doctor had already told me that when they in fact never did. It doesn't make sense either as benzos are known to exacerbate PTSD symptoms, which is certainly what they seemed to do for me.  I'm finally starting to get back on my feet. I seem over the physical withdrawal symptoms, but still have many mental ones such as occasional severe paranoia, slight hallucinations when I feel very paranoid, depression, suicidal thoughts, and anxiety that is severe enough I can hardly go to a store by myself.  I know I overdosed, but that doesn't seem like an excuse to put me through such rapid withdrawals. I have never heard of anyone being taken off Lorazepam in 7 days.   Was this malpractice? I'm curious to know if I could have a lawsuit or not.
8zj69y,6308,6316,ADR,diarrhea,lorazepam,lorazepam,Was My Rapid Withdrawal from Benzos Malpractice by My Psychiatrist? Hi everyone,  I'm on month 7 of withdrawal from lorazepam (Atrivan), a benzodiapine for anxiety.  I'm wondering if what my psychiatrist did was malpractice or not?  TLDR: My psychiatrist withdrew me off of lorazepam in seven days 100% from a dose of 3-4mg a day. She knew I was in emotional distress before withdrawing too as she knew my engagement broke off and my grandmother died. I actually had to start withdrawing the day after my grandmother's funeral. If you don't know what Lorazepam is, it's a benzo that is recommended to withdraw from over months or even years. Benzos are commonly known as being the hardest substance to withdraw from (even harder than heroin). In fact, they are one of the few drugs that the withdrawal symptoms alone can kill people. I believe my psychiatrist was reckless and could've put my life in jeopardy.   Here's my story in detail:  I started on Lorazepam in August of 2014 along with Prozac. After one session my psychiatrist diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. She wrote me the prescription without warning me of withdrawal symptoms or not to drink alcohol with lorazepam. Stupid, young me didn't even realize that prescriptions given for mental illnesses had withdrawal symptoms. I was just excited to finally get help for my anxiety that prevented me from attending college regularly and doing everyday social things in public like getting groceries without having a panic attack in the store.  I didn't like how I was feeling (got nauseous and extremely gaggy to the point I was dry heaving every day) so she placed me on Zoloft after a short time along with the lorazepam instead of Prozac. I kept having the same issues so I was put on Paxil instead of Zoloft, all the while being on lorazepam (3-4mg a day).  While on Paxil I felt very out of control. I started drinking daily and doing reckless things (which is very abnormal for me as I'm a very mature and responsible person) as I wasn't informed never to drink on lorazepam. I started cutting myself for the first time in my life to help my emotional pain. I also overdosed on some leftover Vicodin (parents took me to the hospital, was okay) and months later attempted suicide on all of my leftover Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac, and about somewhere from 85-120mg of lorazepam. I went to the hospital in an ambulance and don't remember much of what happened. I was placed in the hospital's psych ward for four days.  After my suicide attempt I withdrew from Paxil a couple of months later. I was sick for a week then felt better. I remained on Lorazepam the entire time. After my suicide attempt I was required to start seeing a therapist and started seeing a therapist who works in the same office as my psychiatrist.  Next I was put on Norepinephrine (sp?) because my depression was so terrible. I also had horrible side effects on this stuff, and begged to see my psychiatrist one day during my break between college classes because I couldn't take the horrible feeling. She took me off of Norepinephrine and placed me on Zyprexa.   Zyprexa worked for me better than anything. I had little side effects besides weight gain. It helped me eat (something I struggle with because of my anxiety), helped me sleep amazing, and almost immediately relieved my depression symptoms.   I stayed on Zyprexa for about 1 year, 8 months along with Lorazepam. I still cut myself whenever I had an overwhelming emotional distress.  I went off Zyprexa because my psychiatrist said I was gaining too much weight and that Zyprexa can cause diabetes if you stay on it too long, which is another thing she didn't warn me about before I started it. My depression was better so I went off and had again about a week of crappy withdrawal then felt better.  I stayed on Lorazepam and that was my only medication for 7 months. In December of last year I found out some rather unpleasant things about my fiancé and the same day about 10 minutes after I found out those things and broke off my engagement with him I found out from my parents my grandma was dying. She died the next day on Christmas Eve.   Being on Lorazepam always made me do weird things I had never done in my life before such as cutting, my Vicodin overdose, my suicide attempt, and after I found out these things in one day I overdosed on my Lorazepam to forget what had happened. I took about 40mg. The next morning I barely remember this, but I cut myself again and cut off my hair. All very bizarre behavior for me.  After this happened, I had to leave town for my grandmother's funeral. I knew I would run out of my Lorazepam early because of my overdose and out of embarrassment and shame told my psychiatrist (over the phone through their patient care coordinator) I dropped them down the drain instead. I don't think she believed me because of my previous suicide attempt. The patient care coordinator told me I had to withdraw from them.  I wanted to talk to my doctor, but they refused. I told them what had happened and that I was out of town for my grandmother's funeral, but it made no difference. My psychiatrist didn't even give me a 5 minute phone call to explain withdrawing to me. Instead I got a video chat from another lady who works in their office that I had never met before, didn't know my circumstances, or me. I was informed I had to withdraw in 7 days and that's all the pills they would prescribe me. I explained I wanted to wait because I was at my grandmother's funeral, but they didn't care. I was forced to start withdrawals the day after her funeral.  I only later on learned that it is extremely dangerous to withdraw from a benzo in 7 days. In fact, most recommend withdrawing over months or even years. My psychiatrist seemed to think what she did was reasonable. Lorazepam is one of the few drugs you can die from just the withdrawal effects.  As a result I was unable to take a job offer I finally got in December because I was so sick and haven't been working the past 7 months. My symptoms were unbearable.   I had: severe depression, severe anxiety, panic attacks multiple times a day, hallucinations, paranoia, delusions, muscle cramps, muscle convulsions, severe motion sickness that kept me house bound, diarrhea, shakes, hot flashes, tremors, weird pain such as severe teeth pain, heart palpitations, suicidal thoughts, nausea, zero appetite, severe weight loss, insomnia, nightmares, etc.  Just about anything and everything. It was the worst pain I've ever had to go through in my life. Those months were truly hell. I almost voluntarily put myself in the psych ward because of my suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety, and hallucinations. The only reason I didn't was because I kept researching online anything to help me and learned about CBD oil and went back to my psychiatrist and begged her to give me that and she did and it helped immensely. It was the first time in days I could eat a full meal.  Since this happened I've been researching more and have been told by other mental health professionals that my symptoms seem more like complex PTSD (stemming from an abusive childhood) or bipolar. I asked my therapist (who is in the same office as my psychiatrist) and she was like well of course you have PTSD. She seemed under the impression she or my doctor had already told me that when they in fact never did. It doesn't make sense either as benzos are known to exacerbate PTSD symptoms, which is certainly what they seemed to do for me.  I'm finally starting to get back on my feet. I seem over the physical withdrawal symptoms, but still have many mental ones such as occasional severe paranoia, slight hallucinations when I feel very paranoid, depression, suicidal thoughts, and anxiety that is severe enough I can hardly go to a store by myself.  I know I overdosed, but that doesn't seem like an excuse to put me through such rapid withdrawals. I have never heard of anyone being taken off Lorazepam in 7 days.   Was this malpractice? I'm curious to know if I could have a lawsuit or not.
8zj69y,6339,6346,ADR,tremors,lorazepam,lorazepam,Was My Rapid Withdrawal from Benzos Malpractice by My Psychiatrist? Hi everyone,  I'm on month 7 of withdrawal from lorazepam (Atrivan), a benzodiapine for anxiety.  I'm wondering if what my psychiatrist did was malpractice or not?  TLDR: My psychiatrist withdrew me off of lorazepam in seven days 100% from a dose of 3-4mg a day. She knew I was in emotional distress before withdrawing too as she knew my engagement broke off and my grandmother died. I actually had to start withdrawing the day after my grandmother's funeral. If you don't know what Lorazepam is, it's a benzo that is recommended to withdraw from over months or even years. Benzos are commonly known as being the hardest substance to withdraw from (even harder than heroin). In fact, they are one of the few drugs that the withdrawal symptoms alone can kill people. I believe my psychiatrist was reckless and could've put my life in jeopardy.   Here's my story in detail:  I started on Lorazepam in August of 2014 along with Prozac. After one session my psychiatrist diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. She wrote me the prescription without warning me of withdrawal symptoms or not to drink alcohol with lorazepam. Stupid, young me didn't even realize that prescriptions given for mental illnesses had withdrawal symptoms. I was just excited to finally get help for my anxiety that prevented me from attending college regularly and doing everyday social things in public like getting groceries without having a panic attack in the store.  I didn't like how I was feeling (got nauseous and extremely gaggy to the point I was dry heaving every day) so she placed me on Zoloft after a short time along with the lorazepam instead of Prozac. I kept having the same issues so I was put on Paxil instead of Zoloft, all the while being on lorazepam (3-4mg a day).  While on Paxil I felt very out of control. I started drinking daily and doing reckless things (which is very abnormal for me as I'm a very mature and responsible person) as I wasn't informed never to drink on lorazepam. I started cutting myself for the first time in my life to help my emotional pain. I also overdosed on some leftover Vicodin (parents took me to the hospital, was okay) and months later attempted suicide on all of my leftover Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac, and about somewhere from 85-120mg of lorazepam. I went to the hospital in an ambulance and don't remember much of what happened. I was placed in the hospital's psych ward for four days.  After my suicide attempt I withdrew from Paxil a couple of months later. I was sick for a week then felt better. I remained on Lorazepam the entire time. After my suicide attempt I was required to start seeing a therapist and started seeing a therapist who works in the same office as my psychiatrist.  Next I was put on Norepinephrine (sp?) because my depression was so terrible. I also had horrible side effects on this stuff, and begged to see my psychiatrist one day during my break between college classes because I couldn't take the horrible feeling. She took me off of Norepinephrine and placed me on Zyprexa.   Zyprexa worked for me better than anything. I had little side effects besides weight gain. It helped me eat (something I struggle with because of my anxiety), helped me sleep amazing, and almost immediately relieved my depression symptoms.   I stayed on Zyprexa for about 1 year, 8 months along with Lorazepam. I still cut myself whenever I had an overwhelming emotional distress.  I went off Zyprexa because my psychiatrist said I was gaining too much weight and that Zyprexa can cause diabetes if you stay on it too long, which is another thing she didn't warn me about before I started it. My depression was better so I went off and had again about a week of crappy withdrawal then felt better.  I stayed on Lorazepam and that was my only medication for 7 months. In December of last year I found out some rather unpleasant things about my fiancé and the same day about 10 minutes after I found out those things and broke off my engagement with him I found out from my parents my grandma was dying. She died the next day on Christmas Eve.   Being on Lorazepam always made me do weird things I had never done in my life before such as cutting, my Vicodin overdose, my suicide attempt, and after I found out these things in one day I overdosed on my Lorazepam to forget what had happened. I took about 40mg. The next morning I barely remember this, but I cut myself again and cut off my hair. All very bizarre behavior for me.  After this happened, I had to leave town for my grandmother's funeral. I knew I would run out of my Lorazepam early because of my overdose and out of embarrassment and shame told my psychiatrist (over the phone through their patient care coordinator) I dropped them down the drain instead. I don't think she believed me because of my previous suicide attempt. The patient care coordinator told me I had to withdraw from them.  I wanted to talk to my doctor, but they refused. I told them what had happened and that I was out of town for my grandmother's funeral, but it made no difference. My psychiatrist didn't even give me a 5 minute phone call to explain withdrawing to me. Instead I got a video chat from another lady who works in their office that I had never met before, didn't know my circumstances, or me. I was informed I had to withdraw in 7 days and that's all the pills they would prescribe me. I explained I wanted to wait because I was at my grandmother's funeral, but they didn't care. I was forced to start withdrawals the day after her funeral.  I only later on learned that it is extremely dangerous to withdraw from a benzo in 7 days. In fact, most recommend withdrawing over months or even years. My psychiatrist seemed to think what she did was reasonable. Lorazepam is one of the few drugs you can die from just the withdrawal effects.  As a result I was unable to take a job offer I finally got in December because I was so sick and haven't been working the past 7 months. My symptoms were unbearable.   I had: severe depression, severe anxiety, panic attacks multiple times a day, hallucinations, paranoia, delusions, muscle cramps, muscle convulsions, severe motion sickness that kept me house bound, diarrhea, shakes, hot flashes, tremors, weird pain such as severe teeth pain, heart palpitations, suicidal thoughts, nausea, zero appetite, severe weight loss, insomnia, nightmares, etc.  Just about anything and everything. It was the worst pain I've ever had to go through in my life. Those months were truly hell. I almost voluntarily put myself in the psych ward because of my suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety, and hallucinations. The only reason I didn't was because I kept researching online anything to help me and learned about CBD oil and went back to my psychiatrist and begged her to give me that and she did and it helped immensely. It was the first time in days I could eat a full meal.  Since this happened I've been researching more and have been told by other mental health professionals that my symptoms seem more like complex PTSD (stemming from an abusive childhood) or bipolar. I asked my therapist (who is in the same office as my psychiatrist) and she was like well of course you have PTSD. She seemed under the impression she or my doctor had already told me that when they in fact never did. It doesn't make sense either as benzos are known to exacerbate PTSD symptoms, which is certainly what they seemed to do for me.  I'm finally starting to get back on my feet. I seem over the physical withdrawal symptoms, but still have many mental ones such as occasional severe paranoia, slight hallucinations when I feel very paranoid, depression, suicidal thoughts, and anxiety that is severe enough I can hardly go to a store by myself.  I know I overdosed, but that doesn't seem like an excuse to put me through such rapid withdrawals. I have never heard of anyone being taken off Lorazepam in 7 days.   Was this malpractice? I'm curious to know if I could have a lawsuit or not.
8zj69y,6386,6404,ADR,heart palpitations,lorazepam,lorazepam,Was My Rapid Withdrawal from Benzos Malpractice by My Psychiatrist? Hi everyone,  I'm on month 7 of withdrawal from lorazepam (Atrivan), a benzodiapine for anxiety.  I'm wondering if what my psychiatrist did was malpractice or not?  TLDR: My psychiatrist withdrew me off of lorazepam in seven days 100% from a dose of 3-4mg a day. She knew I was in emotional distress before withdrawing too as she knew my engagement broke off and my grandmother died. I actually had to start withdrawing the day after my grandmother's funeral. If you don't know what Lorazepam is, it's a benzo that is recommended to withdraw from over months or even years. Benzos are commonly known as being the hardest substance to withdraw from (even harder than heroin). In fact, they are one of the few drugs that the withdrawal symptoms alone can kill people. I believe my psychiatrist was reckless and could've put my life in jeopardy.   Here's my story in detail:  I started on Lorazepam in August of 2014 along with Prozac. After one session my psychiatrist diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. She wrote me the prescription without warning me of withdrawal symptoms or not to drink alcohol with lorazepam. Stupid, young me didn't even realize that prescriptions given for mental illnesses had withdrawal symptoms. I was just excited to finally get help for my anxiety that prevented me from attending college regularly and doing everyday social things in public like getting groceries without having a panic attack in the store.  I didn't like how I was feeling (got nauseous and extremely gaggy to the point I was dry heaving every day) so she placed me on Zoloft after a short time along with the lorazepam instead of Prozac. I kept having the same issues so I was put on Paxil instead of Zoloft, all the while being on lorazepam (3-4mg a day).  While on Paxil I felt very out of control. I started drinking daily and doing reckless things (which is very abnormal for me as I'm a very mature and responsible person) as I wasn't informed never to drink on lorazepam. I started cutting myself for the first time in my life to help my emotional pain. I also overdosed on some leftover Vicodin (parents took me to the hospital, was okay) and months later attempted suicide on all of my leftover Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac, and about somewhere from 85-120mg of lorazepam. I went to the hospital in an ambulance and don't remember much of what happened. I was placed in the hospital's psych ward for four days.  After my suicide attempt I withdrew from Paxil a couple of months later. I was sick for a week then felt better. I remained on Lorazepam the entire time. After my suicide attempt I was required to start seeing a therapist and started seeing a therapist who works in the same office as my psychiatrist.  Next I was put on Norepinephrine (sp?) because my depression was so terrible. I also had horrible side effects on this stuff, and begged to see my psychiatrist one day during my break between college classes because I couldn't take the horrible feeling. She took me off of Norepinephrine and placed me on Zyprexa.   Zyprexa worked for me better than anything. I had little side effects besides weight gain. It helped me eat (something I struggle with because of my anxiety), helped me sleep amazing, and almost immediately relieved my depression symptoms.   I stayed on Zyprexa for about 1 year, 8 months along with Lorazepam. I still cut myself whenever I had an overwhelming emotional distress.  I went off Zyprexa because my psychiatrist said I was gaining too much weight and that Zyprexa can cause diabetes if you stay on it too long, which is another thing she didn't warn me about before I started it. My depression was better so I went off and had again about a week of crappy withdrawal then felt better.  I stayed on Lorazepam and that was my only medication for 7 months. In December of last year I found out some rather unpleasant things about my fiancé and the same day about 10 minutes after I found out those things and broke off my engagement with him I found out from my parents my grandma was dying. She died the next day on Christmas Eve.   Being on Lorazepam always made me do weird things I had never done in my life before such as cutting, my Vicodin overdose, my suicide attempt, and after I found out these things in one day I overdosed on my Lorazepam to forget what had happened. I took about 40mg. The next morning I barely remember this, but I cut myself again and cut off my hair. All very bizarre behavior for me.  After this happened, I had to leave town for my grandmother's funeral. I knew I would run out of my Lorazepam early because of my overdose and out of embarrassment and shame told my psychiatrist (over the phone through their patient care coordinator) I dropped them down the drain instead. I don't think she believed me because of my previous suicide attempt. The patient care coordinator told me I had to withdraw from them.  I wanted to talk to my doctor, but they refused. I told them what had happened and that I was out of town for my grandmother's funeral, but it made no difference. My psychiatrist didn't even give me a 5 minute phone call to explain withdrawing to me. Instead I got a video chat from another lady who works in their office that I had never met before, didn't know my circumstances, or me. I was informed I had to withdraw in 7 days and that's all the pills they would prescribe me. I explained I wanted to wait because I was at my grandmother's funeral, but they didn't care. I was forced to start withdrawals the day after her funeral.  I only later on learned that it is extremely dangerous to withdraw from a benzo in 7 days. In fact, most recommend withdrawing over months or even years. My psychiatrist seemed to think what she did was reasonable. Lorazepam is one of the few drugs you can die from just the withdrawal effects.  As a result I was unable to take a job offer I finally got in December because I was so sick and haven't been working the past 7 months. My symptoms were unbearable.   I had: severe depression, severe anxiety, panic attacks multiple times a day, hallucinations, paranoia, delusions, muscle cramps, muscle convulsions, severe motion sickness that kept me house bound, diarrhea, shakes, hot flashes, tremors, weird pain such as severe teeth pain, heart palpitations, suicidal thoughts, nausea, zero appetite, severe weight loss, insomnia, nightmares, etc.  Just about anything and everything. It was the worst pain I've ever had to go through in my life. Those months were truly hell. I almost voluntarily put myself in the psych ward because of my suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety, and hallucinations. The only reason I didn't was because I kept researching online anything to help me and learned about CBD oil and went back to my psychiatrist and begged her to give me that and she did and it helped immensely. It was the first time in days I could eat a full meal.  Since this happened I've been researching more and have been told by other mental health professionals that my symptoms seem more like complex PTSD (stemming from an abusive childhood) or bipolar. I asked my therapist (who is in the same office as my psychiatrist) and she was like well of course you have PTSD. She seemed under the impression she or my doctor had already told me that when they in fact never did. It doesn't make sense either as benzos are known to exacerbate PTSD symptoms, which is certainly what they seemed to do for me.  I'm finally starting to get back on my feet. I seem over the physical withdrawal symptoms, but still have many mental ones such as occasional severe paranoia, slight hallucinations when I feel very paranoid, depression, suicidal thoughts, and anxiety that is severe enough I can hardly go to a store by myself.  I know I overdosed, but that doesn't seem like an excuse to put me through such rapid withdrawals. I have never heard of anyone being taken off Lorazepam in 7 days.   Was this malpractice? I'm curious to know if I could have a lawsuit or not.
8zj69y,6406,6423,ADR,suicidal thoughts,lorazepam,lorazepam,Was My Rapid Withdrawal from Benzos Malpractice by My Psychiatrist? Hi everyone,  I'm on month 7 of withdrawal from lorazepam (Atrivan), a benzodiapine for anxiety.  I'm wondering if what my psychiatrist did was malpractice or not?  TLDR: My psychiatrist withdrew me off of lorazepam in seven days 100% from a dose of 3-4mg a day. She knew I was in emotional distress before withdrawing too as she knew my engagement broke off and my grandmother died. I actually had to start withdrawing the day after my grandmother's funeral. If you don't know what Lorazepam is, it's a benzo that is recommended to withdraw from over months or even years. Benzos are commonly known as being the hardest substance to withdraw from (even harder than heroin). In fact, they are one of the few drugs that the withdrawal symptoms alone can kill people. I believe my psychiatrist was reckless and could've put my life in jeopardy.   Here's my story in detail:  I started on Lorazepam in August of 2014 along with Prozac. After one session my psychiatrist diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. She wrote me the prescription without warning me of withdrawal symptoms or not to drink alcohol with lorazepam. Stupid, young me didn't even realize that prescriptions given for mental illnesses had withdrawal symptoms. I was just excited to finally get help for my anxiety that prevented me from attending college regularly and doing everyday social things in public like getting groceries without having a panic attack in the store.  I didn't like how I was feeling (got nauseous and extremely gaggy to the point I was dry heaving every day) so she placed me on Zoloft after a short time along with the lorazepam instead of Prozac. I kept having the same issues so I was put on Paxil instead of Zoloft, all the while being on lorazepam (3-4mg a day).  While on Paxil I felt very out of control. I started drinking daily and doing reckless things (which is very abnormal for me as I'm a very mature and responsible person) as I wasn't informed never to drink on lorazepam. I started cutting myself for the first time in my life to help my emotional pain. I also overdosed on some leftover Vicodin (parents took me to the hospital, was okay) and months later attempted suicide on all of my leftover Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac, and about somewhere from 85-120mg of lorazepam. I went to the hospital in an ambulance and don't remember much of what happened. I was placed in the hospital's psych ward for four days.  After my suicide attempt I withdrew from Paxil a couple of months later. I was sick for a week then felt better. I remained on Lorazepam the entire time. After my suicide attempt I was required to start seeing a therapist and started seeing a therapist who works in the same office as my psychiatrist.  Next I was put on Norepinephrine (sp?) because my depression was so terrible. I also had horrible side effects on this stuff, and begged to see my psychiatrist one day during my break between college classes because I couldn't take the horrible feeling. She took me off of Norepinephrine and placed me on Zyprexa.   Zyprexa worked for me better than anything. I had little side effects besides weight gain. It helped me eat (something I struggle with because of my anxiety), helped me sleep amazing, and almost immediately relieved my depression symptoms.   I stayed on Zyprexa for about 1 year, 8 months along with Lorazepam. I still cut myself whenever I had an overwhelming emotional distress.  I went off Zyprexa because my psychiatrist said I was gaining too much weight and that Zyprexa can cause diabetes if you stay on it too long, which is another thing she didn't warn me about before I started it. My depression was better so I went off and had again about a week of crappy withdrawal then felt better.  I stayed on Lorazepam and that was my only medication for 7 months. In December of last year I found out some rather unpleasant things about my fiancé and the same day about 10 minutes after I found out those things and broke off my engagement with him I found out from my parents my grandma was dying. She died the next day on Christmas Eve.   Being on Lorazepam always made me do weird things I had never done in my life before such as cutting, my Vicodin overdose, my suicide attempt, and after I found out these things in one day I overdosed on my Lorazepam to forget what had happened. I took about 40mg. The next morning I barely remember this, but I cut myself again and cut off my hair. All very bizarre behavior for me.  After this happened, I had to leave town for my grandmother's funeral. I knew I would run out of my Lorazepam early because of my overdose and out of embarrassment and shame told my psychiatrist (over the phone through their patient care coordinator) I dropped them down the drain instead. I don't think she believed me because of my previous suicide attempt. The patient care coordinator told me I had to withdraw from them.  I wanted to talk to my doctor, but they refused. I told them what had happened and that I was out of town for my grandmother's funeral, but it made no difference. My psychiatrist didn't even give me a 5 minute phone call to explain withdrawing to me. Instead I got a video chat from another lady who works in their office that I had never met before, didn't know my circumstances, or me. I was informed I had to withdraw in 7 days and that's all the pills they would prescribe me. I explained I wanted to wait because I was at my grandmother's funeral, but they didn't care. I was forced to start withdrawals the day after her funeral.  I only later on learned that it is extremely dangerous to withdraw from a benzo in 7 days. In fact, most recommend withdrawing over months or even years. My psychiatrist seemed to think what she did was reasonable. Lorazepam is one of the few drugs you can die from just the withdrawal effects.  As a result I was unable to take a job offer I finally got in December because I was so sick and haven't been working the past 7 months. My symptoms were unbearable.   I had: severe depression, severe anxiety, panic attacks multiple times a day, hallucinations, paranoia, delusions, muscle cramps, muscle convulsions, severe motion sickness that kept me house bound, diarrhea, shakes, hot flashes, tremors, weird pain such as severe teeth pain, heart palpitations, suicidal thoughts, nausea, zero appetite, severe weight loss, insomnia, nightmares, etc.  Just about anything and everything. It was the worst pain I've ever had to go through in my life. Those months were truly hell. I almost voluntarily put myself in the psych ward because of my suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety, and hallucinations. The only reason I didn't was because I kept researching online anything to help me and learned about CBD oil and went back to my psychiatrist and begged her to give me that and she did and it helped immensely. It was the first time in days I could eat a full meal.  Since this happened I've been researching more and have been told by other mental health professionals that my symptoms seem more like complex PTSD (stemming from an abusive childhood) or bipolar. I asked my therapist (who is in the same office as my psychiatrist) and she was like well of course you have PTSD. She seemed under the impression she or my doctor had already told me that when they in fact never did. It doesn't make sense either as benzos are known to exacerbate PTSD symptoms, which is certainly what they seemed to do for me.  I'm finally starting to get back on my feet. I seem over the physical withdrawal symptoms, but still have many mental ones such as occasional severe paranoia, slight hallucinations when I feel very paranoid, depression, suicidal thoughts, and anxiety that is severe enough I can hardly go to a store by myself.  I know I overdosed, but that doesn't seem like an excuse to put me through such rapid withdrawals. I have never heard of anyone being taken off Lorazepam in 7 days.   Was this malpractice? I'm curious to know if I could have a lawsuit or not.
8zj69y,6455,6466,ADR,weight loss,lorazepam,lorazepam,Was My Rapid Withdrawal from Benzos Malpractice by My Psychiatrist? Hi everyone,  I'm on month 7 of withdrawal from lorazepam (Atrivan), a benzodiapine for anxiety.  I'm wondering if what my psychiatrist did was malpractice or not?  TLDR: My psychiatrist withdrew me off of lorazepam in seven days 100% from a dose of 3-4mg a day. She knew I was in emotional distress before withdrawing too as she knew my engagement broke off and my grandmother died. I actually had to start withdrawing the day after my grandmother's funeral. If you don't know what Lorazepam is, it's a benzo that is recommended to withdraw from over months or even years. Benzos are commonly known as being the hardest substance to withdraw from (even harder than heroin). In fact, they are one of the few drugs that the withdrawal symptoms alone can kill people. I believe my psychiatrist was reckless and could've put my life in jeopardy.   Here's my story in detail:  I started on Lorazepam in August of 2014 along with Prozac. After one session my psychiatrist diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. She wrote me the prescription without warning me of withdrawal symptoms or not to drink alcohol with lorazepam. Stupid, young me didn't even realize that prescriptions given for mental illnesses had withdrawal symptoms. I was just excited to finally get help for my anxiety that prevented me from attending college regularly and doing everyday social things in public like getting groceries without having a panic attack in the store.  I didn't like how I was feeling (got nauseous and extremely gaggy to the point I was dry heaving every day) so she placed me on Zoloft after a short time along with the lorazepam instead of Prozac. I kept having the same issues so I was put on Paxil instead of Zoloft, all the while being on lorazepam (3-4mg a day).  While on Paxil I felt very out of control. I started drinking daily and doing reckless things (which is very abnormal for me as I'm a very mature and responsible person) as I wasn't informed never to drink on lorazepam. I started cutting myself for the first time in my life to help my emotional pain. I also overdosed on some leftover Vicodin (parents took me to the hospital, was okay) and months later attempted suicide on all of my leftover Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac, and about somewhere from 85-120mg of lorazepam. I went to the hospital in an ambulance and don't remember much of what happened. I was placed in the hospital's psych ward for four days.  After my suicide attempt I withdrew from Paxil a couple of months later. I was sick for a week then felt better. I remained on Lorazepam the entire time. After my suicide attempt I was required to start seeing a therapist and started seeing a therapist who works in the same office as my psychiatrist.  Next I was put on Norepinephrine (sp?) because my depression was so terrible. I also had horrible side effects on this stuff, and begged to see my psychiatrist one day during my break between college classes because I couldn't take the horrible feeling. She took me off of Norepinephrine and placed me on Zyprexa.   Zyprexa worked for me better than anything. I had little side effects besides weight gain. It helped me eat (something I struggle with because of my anxiety), helped me sleep amazing, and almost immediately relieved my depression symptoms.   I stayed on Zyprexa for about 1 year, 8 months along with Lorazepam. I still cut myself whenever I had an overwhelming emotional distress.  I went off Zyprexa because my psychiatrist said I was gaining too much weight and that Zyprexa can cause diabetes if you stay on it too long, which is another thing she didn't warn me about before I started it. My depression was better so I went off and had again about a week of crappy withdrawal then felt better.  I stayed on Lorazepam and that was my only medication for 7 months. In December of last year I found out some rather unpleasant things about my fiancé and the same day about 10 minutes after I found out those things and broke off my engagement with him I found out from my parents my grandma was dying. She died the next day on Christmas Eve.   Being on Lorazepam always made me do weird things I had never done in my life before such as cutting, my Vicodin overdose, my suicide attempt, and after I found out these things in one day I overdosed on my Lorazepam to forget what had happened. I took about 40mg. The next morning I barely remember this, but I cut myself again and cut off my hair. All very bizarre behavior for me.  After this happened, I had to leave town for my grandmother's funeral. I knew I would run out of my Lorazepam early because of my overdose and out of embarrassment and shame told my psychiatrist (over the phone through their patient care coordinator) I dropped them down the drain instead. I don't think she believed me because of my previous suicide attempt. The patient care coordinator told me I had to withdraw from them.  I wanted to talk to my doctor, but they refused. I told them what had happened and that I was out of town for my grandmother's funeral, but it made no difference. My psychiatrist didn't even give me a 5 minute phone call to explain withdrawing to me. Instead I got a video chat from another lady who works in their office that I had never met before, didn't know my circumstances, or me. I was informed I had to withdraw in 7 days and that's all the pills they would prescribe me. I explained I wanted to wait because I was at my grandmother's funeral, but they didn't care. I was forced to start withdrawals the day after her funeral.  I only later on learned that it is extremely dangerous to withdraw from a benzo in 7 days. In fact, most recommend withdrawing over months or even years. My psychiatrist seemed to think what she did was reasonable. Lorazepam is one of the few drugs you can die from just the withdrawal effects.  As a result I was unable to take a job offer I finally got in December because I was so sick and haven't been working the past 7 months. My symptoms were unbearable.   I had: severe depression, severe anxiety, panic attacks multiple times a day, hallucinations, paranoia, delusions, muscle cramps, muscle convulsions, severe motion sickness that kept me house bound, diarrhea, shakes, hot flashes, tremors, weird pain such as severe teeth pain, heart palpitations, suicidal thoughts, nausea, zero appetite, severe weight loss, insomnia, nightmares, etc.  Just about anything and everything. It was the worst pain I've ever had to go through in my life. Those months were truly hell. I almost voluntarily put myself in the psych ward because of my suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety, and hallucinations. The only reason I didn't was because I kept researching online anything to help me and learned about CBD oil and went back to my psychiatrist and begged her to give me that and she did and it helped immensely. It was the first time in days I could eat a full meal.  Since this happened I've been researching more and have been told by other mental health professionals that my symptoms seem more like complex PTSD (stemming from an abusive childhood) or bipolar. I asked my therapist (who is in the same office as my psychiatrist) and she was like well of course you have PTSD. She seemed under the impression she or my doctor had already told me that when they in fact never did. It doesn't make sense either as benzos are known to exacerbate PTSD symptoms, which is certainly what they seemed to do for me.  I'm finally starting to get back on my feet. I seem over the physical withdrawal symptoms, but still have many mental ones such as occasional severe paranoia, slight hallucinations when I feel very paranoid, depression, suicidal thoughts, and anxiety that is severe enough I can hardly go to a store by myself.  I know I overdosed, but that doesn't seem like an excuse to put me through such rapid withdrawals. I have never heard of anyone being taken off Lorazepam in 7 days.   Was this malpractice? I'm curious to know if I could have a lawsuit or not.
8zj69y,6468,6476,ADR,insomnia,lorazepam,lorazepam,Was My Rapid Withdrawal from Benzos Malpractice by My Psychiatrist? Hi everyone,  I'm on month 7 of withdrawal from lorazepam (Atrivan), a benzodiapine for anxiety.  I'm wondering if what my psychiatrist did was malpractice or not?  TLDR: My psychiatrist withdrew me off of lorazepam in seven days 100% from a dose of 3-4mg a day. She knew I was in emotional distress before withdrawing too as she knew my engagement broke off and my grandmother died. I actually had to start withdrawing the day after my grandmother's funeral. If you don't know what Lorazepam is, it's a benzo that is recommended to withdraw from over months or even years. Benzos are commonly known as being the hardest substance to withdraw from (even harder than heroin). In fact, they are one of the few drugs that the withdrawal symptoms alone can kill people. I believe my psychiatrist was reckless and could've put my life in jeopardy.   Here's my story in detail:  I started on Lorazepam in August of 2014 along with Prozac. After one session my psychiatrist diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. She wrote me the prescription without warning me of withdrawal symptoms or not to drink alcohol with lorazepam. Stupid, young me didn't even realize that prescriptions given for mental illnesses had withdrawal symptoms. I was just excited to finally get help for my anxiety that prevented me from attending college regularly and doing everyday social things in public like getting groceries without having a panic attack in the store.  I didn't like how I was feeling (got nauseous and extremely gaggy to the point I was dry heaving every day) so she placed me on Zoloft after a short time along with the lorazepam instead of Prozac. I kept having the same issues so I was put on Paxil instead of Zoloft, all the while being on lorazepam (3-4mg a day).  While on Paxil I felt very out of control. I started drinking daily and doing reckless things (which is very abnormal for me as I'm a very mature and responsible person) as I wasn't informed never to drink on lorazepam. I started cutting myself for the first time in my life to help my emotional pain. I also overdosed on some leftover Vicodin (parents took me to the hospital, was okay) and months later attempted suicide on all of my leftover Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac, and about somewhere from 85-120mg of lorazepam. I went to the hospital in an ambulance and don't remember much of what happened. I was placed in the hospital's psych ward for four days.  After my suicide attempt I withdrew from Paxil a couple of months later. I was sick for a week then felt better. I remained on Lorazepam the entire time. After my suicide attempt I was required to start seeing a therapist and started seeing a therapist who works in the same office as my psychiatrist.  Next I was put on Norepinephrine (sp?) because my depression was so terrible. I also had horrible side effects on this stuff, and begged to see my psychiatrist one day during my break between college classes because I couldn't take the horrible feeling. She took me off of Norepinephrine and placed me on Zyprexa.   Zyprexa worked for me better than anything. I had little side effects besides weight gain. It helped me eat (something I struggle with because of my anxiety), helped me sleep amazing, and almost immediately relieved my depression symptoms.   I stayed on Zyprexa for about 1 year, 8 months along with Lorazepam. I still cut myself whenever I had an overwhelming emotional distress.  I went off Zyprexa because my psychiatrist said I was gaining too much weight and that Zyprexa can cause diabetes if you stay on it too long, which is another thing she didn't warn me about before I started it. My depression was better so I went off and had again about a week of crappy withdrawal then felt better.  I stayed on Lorazepam and that was my only medication for 7 months. In December of last year I found out some rather unpleasant things about my fiancé and the same day about 10 minutes after I found out those things and broke off my engagement with him I found out from my parents my grandma was dying. She died the next day on Christmas Eve.   Being on Lorazepam always made me do weird things I had never done in my life before such as cutting, my Vicodin overdose, my suicide attempt, and after I found out these things in one day I overdosed on my Lorazepam to forget what had happened. I took about 40mg. The next morning I barely remember this, but I cut myself again and cut off my hair. All very bizarre behavior for me.  After this happened, I had to leave town for my grandmother's funeral. I knew I would run out of my Lorazepam early because of my overdose and out of embarrassment and shame told my psychiatrist (over the phone through their patient care coordinator) I dropped them down the drain instead. I don't think she believed me because of my previous suicide attempt. The patient care coordinator told me I had to withdraw from them.  I wanted to talk to my doctor, but they refused. I told them what had happened and that I was out of town for my grandmother's funeral, but it made no difference. My psychiatrist didn't even give me a 5 minute phone call to explain withdrawing to me. Instead I got a video chat from another lady who works in their office that I had never met before, didn't know my circumstances, or me. I was informed I had to withdraw in 7 days and that's all the pills they would prescribe me. I explained I wanted to wait because I was at my grandmother's funeral, but they didn't care. I was forced to start withdrawals the day after her funeral.  I only later on learned that it is extremely dangerous to withdraw from a benzo in 7 days. In fact, most recommend withdrawing over months or even years. My psychiatrist seemed to think what she did was reasonable. Lorazepam is one of the few drugs you can die from just the withdrawal effects.  As a result I was unable to take a job offer I finally got in December because I was so sick and haven't been working the past 7 months. My symptoms were unbearable.   I had: severe depression, severe anxiety, panic attacks multiple times a day, hallucinations, paranoia, delusions, muscle cramps, muscle convulsions, severe motion sickness that kept me house bound, diarrhea, shakes, hot flashes, tremors, weird pain such as severe teeth pain, heart palpitations, suicidal thoughts, nausea, zero appetite, severe weight loss, insomnia, nightmares, etc.  Just about anything and everything. It was the worst pain I've ever had to go through in my life. Those months were truly hell. I almost voluntarily put myself in the psych ward because of my suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety, and hallucinations. The only reason I didn't was because I kept researching online anything to help me and learned about CBD oil and went back to my psychiatrist and begged her to give me that and she did and it helped immensely. It was the first time in days I could eat a full meal.  Since this happened I've been researching more and have been told by other mental health professionals that my symptoms seem more like complex PTSD (stemming from an abusive childhood) or bipolar. I asked my therapist (who is in the same office as my psychiatrist) and she was like well of course you have PTSD. She seemed under the impression she or my doctor had already told me that when they in fact never did. It doesn't make sense either as benzos are known to exacerbate PTSD symptoms, which is certainly what they seemed to do for me.  I'm finally starting to get back on my feet. I seem over the physical withdrawal symptoms, but still have many mental ones such as occasional severe paranoia, slight hallucinations when I feel very paranoid, depression, suicidal thoughts, and anxiety that is severe enough I can hardly go to a store by myself.  I know I overdosed, but that doesn't seem like an excuse to put me through such rapid withdrawals. I have never heard of anyone being taken off Lorazepam in 7 days.   Was this malpractice? I'm curious to know if I could have a lawsuit or not.
8zj69y,6478,6488,ADR,nightmares,lorazepam,lorazepam,Was My Rapid Withdrawal from Benzos Malpractice by My Psychiatrist? Hi everyone,  I'm on month 7 of withdrawal from lorazepam (Atrivan), a benzodiapine for anxiety.  I'm wondering if what my psychiatrist did was malpractice or not?  TLDR: My psychiatrist withdrew me off of lorazepam in seven days 100% from a dose of 3-4mg a day. She knew I was in emotional distress before withdrawing too as she knew my engagement broke off and my grandmother died. I actually had to start withdrawing the day after my grandmother's funeral. If you don't know what Lorazepam is, it's a benzo that is recommended to withdraw from over months or even years. Benzos are commonly known as being the hardest substance to withdraw from (even harder than heroin). In fact, they are one of the few drugs that the withdrawal symptoms alone can kill people. I believe my psychiatrist was reckless and could've put my life in jeopardy.   Here's my story in detail:  I started on Lorazepam in August of 2014 along with Prozac. After one session my psychiatrist diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. She wrote me the prescription without warning me of withdrawal symptoms or not to drink alcohol with lorazepam. Stupid, young me didn't even realize that prescriptions given for mental illnesses had withdrawal symptoms. I was just excited to finally get help for my anxiety that prevented me from attending college regularly and doing everyday social things in public like getting groceries without having a panic attack in the store.  I didn't like how I was feeling (got nauseous and extremely gaggy to the point I was dry heaving every day) so she placed me on Zoloft after a short time along with the lorazepam instead of Prozac. I kept having the same issues so I was put on Paxil instead of Zoloft, all the while being on lorazepam (3-4mg a day).  While on Paxil I felt very out of control. I started drinking daily and doing reckless things (which is very abnormal for me as I'm a very mature and responsible person) as I wasn't informed never to drink on lorazepam. I started cutting myself for the first time in my life to help my emotional pain. I also overdosed on some leftover Vicodin (parents took me to the hospital, was okay) and months later attempted suicide on all of my leftover Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac, and about somewhere from 85-120mg of lorazepam. I went to the hospital in an ambulance and don't remember much of what happened. I was placed in the hospital's psych ward for four days.  After my suicide attempt I withdrew from Paxil a couple of months later. I was sick for a week then felt better. I remained on Lorazepam the entire time. After my suicide attempt I was required to start seeing a therapist and started seeing a therapist who works in the same office as my psychiatrist.  Next I was put on Norepinephrine (sp?) because my depression was so terrible. I also had horrible side effects on this stuff, and begged to see my psychiatrist one day during my break between college classes because I couldn't take the horrible feeling. She took me off of Norepinephrine and placed me on Zyprexa.   Zyprexa worked for me better than anything. I had little side effects besides weight gain. It helped me eat (something I struggle with because of my anxiety), helped me sleep amazing, and almost immediately relieved my depression symptoms.   I stayed on Zyprexa for about 1 year, 8 months along with Lorazepam. I still cut myself whenever I had an overwhelming emotional distress.  I went off Zyprexa because my psychiatrist said I was gaining too much weight and that Zyprexa can cause diabetes if you stay on it too long, which is another thing she didn't warn me about before I started it. My depression was better so I went off and had again about a week of crappy withdrawal then felt better.  I stayed on Lorazepam and that was my only medication for 7 months. In December of last year I found out some rather unpleasant things about my fiancé and the same day about 10 minutes after I found out those things and broke off my engagement with him I found out from my parents my grandma was dying. She died the next day on Christmas Eve.   Being on Lorazepam always made me do weird things I had never done in my life before such as cutting, my Vicodin overdose, my suicide attempt, and after I found out these things in one day I overdosed on my Lorazepam to forget what had happened. I took about 40mg. The next morning I barely remember this, but I cut myself again and cut off my hair. All very bizarre behavior for me.  After this happened, I had to leave town for my grandmother's funeral. I knew I would run out of my Lorazepam early because of my overdose and out of embarrassment and shame told my psychiatrist (over the phone through their patient care coordinator) I dropped them down the drain instead. I don't think she believed me because of my previous suicide attempt. The patient care coordinator told me I had to withdraw from them.  I wanted to talk to my doctor, but they refused. I told them what had happened and that I was out of town for my grandmother's funeral, but it made no difference. My psychiatrist didn't even give me a 5 minute phone call to explain withdrawing to me. Instead I got a video chat from another lady who works in their office that I had never met before, didn't know my circumstances, or me. I was informed I had to withdraw in 7 days and that's all the pills they would prescribe me. I explained I wanted to wait because I was at my grandmother's funeral, but they didn't care. I was forced to start withdrawals the day after her funeral.  I only later on learned that it is extremely dangerous to withdraw from a benzo in 7 days. In fact, most recommend withdrawing over months or even years. My psychiatrist seemed to think what she did was reasonable. Lorazepam is one of the few drugs you can die from just the withdrawal effects.  As a result I was unable to take a job offer I finally got in December because I was so sick and haven't been working the past 7 months. My symptoms were unbearable.   I had: severe depression, severe anxiety, panic attacks multiple times a day, hallucinations, paranoia, delusions, muscle cramps, muscle convulsions, severe motion sickness that kept me house bound, diarrhea, shakes, hot flashes, tremors, weird pain such as severe teeth pain, heart palpitations, suicidal thoughts, nausea, zero appetite, severe weight loss, insomnia, nightmares, etc.  Just about anything and everything. It was the worst pain I've ever had to go through in my life. Those months were truly hell. I almost voluntarily put myself in the psych ward because of my suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety, and hallucinations. The only reason I didn't was because I kept researching online anything to help me and learned about CBD oil and went back to my psychiatrist and begged her to give me that and she did and it helped immensely. It was the first time in days I could eat a full meal.  Since this happened I've been researching more and have been told by other mental health professionals that my symptoms seem more like complex PTSD (stemming from an abusive childhood) or bipolar. I asked my therapist (who is in the same office as my psychiatrist) and she was like well of course you have PTSD. She seemed under the impression she or my doctor had already told me that when they in fact never did. It doesn't make sense either as benzos are known to exacerbate PTSD symptoms, which is certainly what they seemed to do for me.  I'm finally starting to get back on my feet. I seem over the physical withdrawal symptoms, but still have many mental ones such as occasional severe paranoia, slight hallucinations when I feel very paranoid, depression, suicidal thoughts, and anxiety that is severe enough I can hardly go to a store by myself.  I know I overdosed, but that doesn't seem like an excuse to put me through such rapid withdrawals. I have never heard of anyone being taken off Lorazepam in 7 days.   Was this malpractice? I'm curious to know if I could have a lawsuit or not.
8zj69y,2886,2896,ADR,depression,zyprexa,zyprexa,Was My Rapid Withdrawal from Benzos Malpractice by My Psychiatrist? Hi everyone,  I'm on month 7 of withdrawal from lorazepam (Atrivan), a benzodiapine for anxiety.  I'm wondering if what my psychiatrist did was malpractice or not?  TLDR: My psychiatrist withdrew me off of lorazepam in seven days 100% from a dose of 3-4mg a day. She knew I was in emotional distress before withdrawing too as she knew my engagement broke off and my grandmother died. I actually had to start withdrawing the day after my grandmother's funeral. If you don't know what Lorazepam is, it's a benzo that is recommended to withdraw from over months or even years. Benzos are commonly known as being the hardest substance to withdraw from (even harder than heroin). In fact, they are one of the few drugs that the withdrawal symptoms alone can kill people. I believe my psychiatrist was reckless and could've put my life in jeopardy.   Here's my story in detail:  I started on Lorazepam in August of 2014 along with Prozac. After one session my psychiatrist diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. She wrote me the prescription without warning me of withdrawal symptoms or not to drink alcohol with lorazepam. Stupid, young me didn't even realize that prescriptions given for mental illnesses had withdrawal symptoms. I was just excited to finally get help for my anxiety that prevented me from attending college regularly and doing everyday social things in public like getting groceries without having a panic attack in the store.  I didn't like how I was feeling (got nauseous and extremely gaggy to the point I was dry heaving every day) so she placed me on Zoloft after a short time along with the lorazepam instead of Prozac. I kept having the same issues so I was put on Paxil instead of Zoloft, all the while being on lorazepam (3-4mg a day).  While on Paxil I felt very out of control. I started drinking daily and doing reckless things (which is very abnormal for me as I'm a very mature and responsible person) as I wasn't informed never to drink on lorazepam. I started cutting myself for the first time in my life to help my emotional pain. I also overdosed on some leftover Vicodin (parents took me to the hospital, was okay) and months later attempted suicide on all of my leftover Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac, and about somewhere from 85-120mg of lorazepam. I went to the hospital in an ambulance and don't remember much of what happened. I was placed in the hospital's psych ward for four days.  After my suicide attempt I withdrew from Paxil a couple of months later. I was sick for a week then felt better. I remained on Lorazepam the entire time. After my suicide attempt I was required to start seeing a therapist and started seeing a therapist who works in the same office as my psychiatrist.  Next I was put on Norepinephrine (sp?) because my depression was so terrible. I also had horrible side effects on this stuff, and begged to see my psychiatrist one day during my break between college classes because I couldn't take the horrible feeling. She took me off of Norepinephrine and placed me on Zyprexa.   Zyprexa worked for me better than anything. I had little side effects besides weight gain. It helped me eat (something I struggle with because of my anxiety), helped me sleep amazing, and almost immediately relieved my depression symptoms.   I stayed on Zyprexa for about 1 year, 8 months along with Lorazepam. I still cut myself whenever I had an overwhelming emotional distress.  I went off Zyprexa because my psychiatrist said I was gaining too much weight and that Zyprexa can cause diabetes if you stay on it too long, which is another thing she didn't warn me about before I started it. My depression was better so I went off and had again about a week of crappy withdrawal then felt better.  I stayed on Lorazepam and that was my only medication for 7 months. In December of last year I found out some rather unpleasant things about my fiancé and the same day about 10 minutes after I found out those things and broke off my engagement with him I found out from my parents my grandma was dying. She died the next day on Christmas Eve.   Being on Lorazepam always made me do weird things I had never done in my life before such as cutting, my Vicodin overdose, my suicide attempt, and after I found out these things in one day I overdosed on my Lorazepam to forget what had happened. I took about 40mg. The next morning I barely remember this, but I cut myself again and cut off my hair. All very bizarre behavior for me.  After this happened, I had to leave town for my grandmother's funeral. I knew I would run out of my Lorazepam early because of my overdose and out of embarrassment and shame told my psychiatrist (over the phone through their patient care coordinator) I dropped them down the drain instead. I don't think she believed me because of my previous suicide attempt. The patient care coordinator told me I had to withdraw from them.  I wanted to talk to my doctor, but they refused. I told them what had happened and that I was out of town for my grandmother's funeral, but it made no difference. My psychiatrist didn't even give me a 5 minute phone call to explain withdrawing to me. Instead I got a video chat from another lady who works in their office that I had never met before, didn't know my circumstances, or me. I was informed I had to withdraw in 7 days and that's all the pills they would prescribe me. I explained I wanted to wait because I was at my grandmother's funeral, but they didn't care. I was forced to start withdrawals the day after her funeral.  I only later on learned that it is extremely dangerous to withdraw from a benzo in 7 days. In fact, most recommend withdrawing over months or even years. My psychiatrist seemed to think what she did was reasonable. Lorazepam is one of the few drugs you can die from just the withdrawal effects.  As a result I was unable to take a job offer I finally got in December because I was so sick and haven't been working the past 7 months. My symptoms were unbearable.   I had: severe depression, severe anxiety, panic attacks multiple times a day, hallucinations, paranoia, delusions, muscle cramps, muscle convulsions, severe motion sickness that kept me house bound, diarrhea, shakes, hot flashes, tremors, weird pain such as severe teeth pain, heart palpitations, suicidal thoughts, nausea, zero appetite, severe weight loss, insomnia, nightmares, etc.  Just about anything and everything. It was the worst pain I've ever had to go through in my life. Those months were truly hell. I almost voluntarily put myself in the psych ward because of my suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety, and hallucinations. The only reason I didn't was because I kept researching online anything to help me and learned about CBD oil and went back to my psychiatrist and begged her to give me that and she did and it helped immensely. It was the first time in days I could eat a full meal.  Since this happened I've been researching more and have been told by other mental health professionals that my symptoms seem more like complex PTSD (stemming from an abusive childhood) or bipolar. I asked my therapist (who is in the same office as my psychiatrist) and she was like well of course you have PTSD. She seemed under the impression she or my doctor had already told me that when they in fact never did. It doesn't make sense either as benzos are known to exacerbate PTSD symptoms, which is certainly what they seemed to do for me.  I'm finally starting to get back on my feet. I seem over the physical withdrawal symptoms, but still have many mental ones such as occasional severe paranoia, slight hallucinations when I feel very paranoid, depression, suicidal thoughts, and anxiety that is severe enough I can hardly go to a store by myself.  I know I overdosed, but that doesn't seem like an excuse to put me through such rapid withdrawals. I have never heard of anyone being taken off Lorazepam in 7 days.   Was this malpractice? I'm curious to know if I could have a lawsuit or not.
8zj69y,156,163,ADR,anxiety,zyprexa,zyprexa,Was My Rapid Withdrawal from Benzos Malpractice by My Psychiatrist? Hi everyone,  I'm on month 7 of withdrawal from lorazepam (Atrivan), a benzodiapine for anxiety.  I'm wondering if what my psychiatrist did was malpractice or not?  TLDR: My psychiatrist withdrew me off of lorazepam in seven days 100% from a dose of 3-4mg a day. She knew I was in emotional distress before withdrawing too as she knew my engagement broke off and my grandmother died. I actually had to start withdrawing the day after my grandmother's funeral. If you don't know what Lorazepam is, it's a benzo that is recommended to withdraw from over months or even years. Benzos are commonly known as being the hardest substance to withdraw from (even harder than heroin). In fact, they are one of the few drugs that the withdrawal symptoms alone can kill people. I believe my psychiatrist was reckless and could've put my life in jeopardy.   Here's my story in detail:  I started on Lorazepam in August of 2014 along with Prozac. After one session my psychiatrist diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. She wrote me the prescription without warning me of withdrawal symptoms or not to drink alcohol with lorazepam. Stupid, young me didn't even realize that prescriptions given for mental illnesses had withdrawal symptoms. I was just excited to finally get help for my anxiety that prevented me from attending college regularly and doing everyday social things in public like getting groceries without having a panic attack in the store.  I didn't like how I was feeling (got nauseous and extremely gaggy to the point I was dry heaving every day) so she placed me on Zoloft after a short time along with the lorazepam instead of Prozac. I kept having the same issues so I was put on Paxil instead of Zoloft, all the while being on lorazepam (3-4mg a day).  While on Paxil I felt very out of control. I started drinking daily and doing reckless things (which is very abnormal for me as I'm a very mature and responsible person) as I wasn't informed never to drink on lorazepam. I started cutting myself for the first time in my life to help my emotional pain. I also overdosed on some leftover Vicodin (parents took me to the hospital, was okay) and months later attempted suicide on all of my leftover Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac, and about somewhere from 85-120mg of lorazepam. I went to the hospital in an ambulance and don't remember much of what happened. I was placed in the hospital's psych ward for four days.  After my suicide attempt I withdrew from Paxil a couple of months later. I was sick for a week then felt better. I remained on Lorazepam the entire time. After my suicide attempt I was required to start seeing a therapist and started seeing a therapist who works in the same office as my psychiatrist.  Next I was put on Norepinephrine (sp?) because my depression was so terrible. I also had horrible side effects on this stuff, and begged to see my psychiatrist one day during my break between college classes because I couldn't take the horrible feeling. She took me off of Norepinephrine and placed me on Zyprexa.   Zyprexa worked for me better than anything. I had little side effects besides weight gain. It helped me eat (something I struggle with because of my anxiety), helped me sleep amazing, and almost immediately relieved my depression symptoms.   I stayed on Zyprexa for about 1 year, 8 months along with Lorazepam. I still cut myself whenever I had an overwhelming emotional distress.  I went off Zyprexa because my psychiatrist said I was gaining too much weight and that Zyprexa can cause diabetes if you stay on it too long, which is another thing she didn't warn me about before I started it. My depression was better so I went off and had again about a week of crappy withdrawal then felt better.  I stayed on Lorazepam and that was my only medication for 7 months. In December of last year I found out some rather unpleasant things about my fiancé and the same day about 10 minutes after I found out those things and broke off my engagement with him I found out from my parents my grandma was dying. She died the next day on Christmas Eve.   Being on Lorazepam always made me do weird things I had never done in my life before such as cutting, my Vicodin overdose, my suicide attempt, and after I found out these things in one day I overdosed on my Lorazepam to forget what had happened. I took about 40mg. The next morning I barely remember this, but I cut myself again and cut off my hair. All very bizarre behavior for me.  After this happened, I had to leave town for my grandmother's funeral. I knew I would run out of my Lorazepam early because of my overdose and out of embarrassment and shame told my psychiatrist (over the phone through their patient care coordinator) I dropped them down the drain instead. I don't think she believed me because of my previous suicide attempt. The patient care coordinator told me I had to withdraw from them.  I wanted to talk to my doctor, but they refused. I told them what had happened and that I was out of town for my grandmother's funeral, but it made no difference. My psychiatrist didn't even give me a 5 minute phone call to explain withdrawing to me. Instead I got a video chat from another lady who works in their office that I had never met before, didn't know my circumstances, or me. I was informed I had to withdraw in 7 days and that's all the pills they would prescribe me. I explained I wanted to wait because I was at my grandmother's funeral, but they didn't care. I was forced to start withdrawals the day after her funeral.  I only later on learned that it is extremely dangerous to withdraw from a benzo in 7 days. In fact, most recommend withdrawing over months or even years. My psychiatrist seemed to think what she did was reasonable. Lorazepam is one of the few drugs you can die from just the withdrawal effects.  As a result I was unable to take a job offer I finally got in December because I was so sick and haven't been working the past 7 months. My symptoms were unbearable.   I had: severe depression, severe anxiety, panic attacks multiple times a day, hallucinations, paranoia, delusions, muscle cramps, muscle convulsions, severe motion sickness that kept me house bound, diarrhea, shakes, hot flashes, tremors, weird pain such as severe teeth pain, heart palpitations, suicidal thoughts, nausea, zero appetite, severe weight loss, insomnia, nightmares, etc.  Just about anything and everything. It was the worst pain I've ever had to go through in my life. Those months were truly hell. I almost voluntarily put myself in the psych ward because of my suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety, and hallucinations. The only reason I didn't was because I kept researching online anything to help me and learned about CBD oil and went back to my psychiatrist and begged her to give me that and she did and it helped immensely. It was the first time in days I could eat a full meal.  Since this happened I've been researching more and have been told by other mental health professionals that my symptoms seem more like complex PTSD (stemming from an abusive childhood) or bipolar. I asked my therapist (who is in the same office as my psychiatrist) and she was like well of course you have PTSD. She seemed under the impression she or my doctor had already told me that when they in fact never did. It doesn't make sense either as benzos are known to exacerbate PTSD symptoms, which is certainly what they seemed to do for me.  I'm finally starting to get back on my feet. I seem over the physical withdrawal symptoms, but still have many mental ones such as occasional severe paranoia, slight hallucinations when I feel very paranoid, depression, suicidal thoughts, and anxiety that is severe enough I can hardly go to a store by myself.  I know I overdosed, but that doesn't seem like an excuse to put me through such rapid withdrawals. I have never heard of anyone being taken off Lorazepam in 7 days.   Was this malpractice? I'm curious to know if I could have a lawsuit or not.
8zj69y,6203,6211,ADR,paranoia,zyprexa,zyprexa,Was My Rapid Withdrawal from Benzos Malpractice by My Psychiatrist? Hi everyone,  I'm on month 7 of withdrawal from lorazepam (Atrivan), a benzodiapine for anxiety.  I'm wondering if what my psychiatrist did was malpractice or not?  TLDR: My psychiatrist withdrew me off of lorazepam in seven days 100% from a dose of 3-4mg a day. She knew I was in emotional distress before withdrawing too as she knew my engagement broke off and my grandmother died. I actually had to start withdrawing the day after my grandmother's funeral. If you don't know what Lorazepam is, it's a benzo that is recommended to withdraw from over months or even years. Benzos are commonly known as being the hardest substance to withdraw from (even harder than heroin). In fact, they are one of the few drugs that the withdrawal symptoms alone can kill people. I believe my psychiatrist was reckless and could've put my life in jeopardy.   Here's my story in detail:  I started on Lorazepam in August of 2014 along with Prozac. After one session my psychiatrist diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder, and Depression. She wrote me the prescription without warning me of withdrawal symptoms or not to drink alcohol with lorazepam. Stupid, young me didn't even realize that prescriptions given for mental illnesses had withdrawal symptoms. I was just excited to finally get help for my anxiety that prevented me from attending college regularly and doing everyday social things in public like getting groceries without having a panic attack in the store.  I didn't like how I was feeling (got nauseous and extremely gaggy to the point I was dry heaving every day) so she placed me on Zoloft after a short time along with the lorazepam instead of Prozac. I kept having the same issues so I was put on Paxil instead of Zoloft, all the while being on lorazepam (3-4mg a day).  While on Paxil I felt very out of control. I started drinking daily and doing reckless things (which is very abnormal for me as I'm a very mature and responsible person) as I wasn't informed never to drink on lorazepam. I started cutting myself for the first time in my life to help my emotional pain. I also overdosed on some leftover Vicodin (parents took me to the hospital, was okay) and months later attempted suicide on all of my leftover Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac, and about somewhere from 85-120mg of lorazepam. I went to the hospital in an ambulance and don't remember much of what happened. I was placed in the hospital's psych ward for four days.  After my suicide attempt I withdrew from Paxil a couple of months later. I was sick for a week then felt better. I remained on Lorazepam the entire time. After my suicide attempt I was required to start seeing a therapist and started seeing a therapist who works in the same office as my psychiatrist.  Next I was put on Norepinephrine (sp?) because my depression was so terrible. I also had horrible side effects on this stuff, and begged to see my psychiatrist one day during my break between college classes because I couldn't take the horrible feeling. She took me off of Norepinephrine and placed me on Zyprexa.   Zyprexa worked for me better than anything. I had little side effects besides weight gain. It helped me eat (something I struggle with because of my anxiety), helped me sleep amazing, and almost immediately relieved my depression symptoms.   I stayed on Zyprexa for about 1 year, 8 months along with Lorazepam. I still cut myself whenever I had an overwhelming emotional distress.  I went off Zyprexa because my psychiatrist said I was gaining too much weight and that Zyprexa can cause diabetes if you stay on it too long, which is another thing she didn't warn me about before I started it. My depression was better so I went off and had again about a week of crappy withdrawal then felt better.  I stayed on Lorazepam and that was my only medication for 7 months. In December of last year I found out some rather unpleasant things about my fiancé and the same day about 10 minutes after I found out those things and broke off my engagement with him I found out from my parents my grandma was dying. She died the next day on Christmas Eve.   Being on Lorazepam always made me do weird things I had never done in my life before such as cutting, my Vicodin overdose, my suicide attempt, and after I found out these things in one day I overdosed on my Lorazepam to forget what had happened. I took about 40mg. The next morning I barely remember this, but I cut myself again and cut off my hair. All very bizarre behavior for me.  After this happened, I had to leave town for my grandmother's funeral. I knew I would run out of my Lorazepam early because of my overdose and out of embarrassment and shame told my psychiatrist (over the phone through their patient care coordinator) I dropped them down the drain instead. I don't think she believed me because of my previous suicide attempt. The patient care coordinator told me I had to withdraw from them.  I wanted to talk to my doctor, but they refused. I told them what had happened and that I was out of town for my grandmother's funeral, but it made no difference. My psychiatrist didn't even give me a 5 minute phone call to explain withdrawing to me. Instead I got a video chat from another lady who works in their office that I had never met before, didn't know my circumstances, or me. I was informed I had to withdraw in 7 days and that's all the pills they would prescribe me. I explained I wanted to wait because I was at my grandmother's funeral, but they didn't care. I was forced to start withdrawals the day after her funeral.  I only later on learned that it is extremely dangerous to withdraw from a benzo in 7 days. In fact, most recommend withdrawing over months or even years. My psychiatrist seemed to think what she did was reasonable. Lorazepam is one of the few drugs you can die from just the withdrawal effects.  As a result I was unable to take a job offer I finally got in December because I was so sick and haven't been working the past 7 months. My symptoms were unbearable.   I had: severe depression, severe anxiety, panic attacks multiple times a day, hallucinations, paranoia, delusions, muscle cramps, muscle convulsions, severe motion sickness that kept me house bound, diarrhea, shakes, hot flashes, tremors, weird pain such as severe teeth pain, heart palpitations, suicidal thoughts, nausea, zero appetite, severe weight loss, insomnia, nightmares, etc.  Just about anything and everything. It was the worst pain I've ever had to go through in my life. Those months were truly hell. I almost voluntarily put myself in the psych ward because of my suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety, and hallucinations. The only reason I didn't was because I kept researching online anything to help me and learned about CBD oil and went back to my psychiatrist and begged her to give me that and she did and it helped immensely. It was the first time in days I could eat a full meal.  Since this happened I've been researching more and have been told by other mental health professionals that my symptoms seem more like complex PTSD (stemming from an abusive childhood) or bipolar. I asked my therapist (who is in the same office as my psychiatrist) and she was like well of course you have PTSD. She seemed under the impression she or my doctor had already told me that when they in fact never did. It doesn't make sense either as benzos are known to exacerbate PTSD symptoms, which is certainly what they seemed to do for me.  I'm finally starting to get back on my feet. I seem over the physical withdrawal symptoms, but still have many mental ones such as occasional severe paranoia, slight hallucinations when I feel very paranoid, depression, suicidal thoughts, and anxiety that is severe enough I can hardly go to a store by myself.  I know I overdosed, but that doesn't seem like an excuse to put me through such rapid withdrawals. I have never heard of anyone being taken off Lorazepam in 7 days.   Was this malpractice? I'm curious to know if I could have a lawsuit or not.
8yzqh9,796,814,ADR,emotional numbness,zyprexa,zyprexa,Need some advice with my brother Hey all, I"m not exactly sure if this is the right place to come, because he has not been properly diagnosed (when he is taken to psychiatric hospitals/ has been under involuntary psychiatric ward he refuses to talk to psychiatrists, but we believe it is in some range of schizo-affective to bipolar.) Anyways, he has been prescribed many different medicines, but the only one he actually took after being prescribed was Zyprexa. We somehow got him to take him to take it for around 7 weeks most nights begging for an hour or two before he would take it, and he has been at 30mg for that period. Now he has stopped for a few days and we think he plans on stopping cold turkey because Zyprexa has permanently affected him by stopping his stomach from functioning, emotional numbness, he says he is infertile now. In general, I need tips to stop him from in fact stopping cold turkey. With such a high dosage (30mg) and a refusal to see any doctors how can we communicate that he should be trying to wean off somehow instead of stopping altogether completely.  Thanks all
8yfkko,382,388,ADR,nauses,humira,humira,Life Changing Medication - Strong Recommend Hi everyone,  I've been struggling with Psoriasis for about 12 years with a diagnosis when I was about twenty. It started out on my scalp and spread to nearly my entire head, legs, and back.  Each 6 months to a year the doctor would elevate the level of treatment from creams / injections to methotrexate and otezla. Nothing made me more nauses and sick than Otezla.  The injections into inflamed areas would only give minor relief for a week or two.  I heard about a new drug about 11 months ago called Cosentryx. I asked my doctor who is a saint to look into it and he decided to give it a shot after doing research into the drug.  It's incredibly expensive, but if you have insurance, the company will send it to you for free for two years and will work with your doctor to get it authorized.  It comes in  an iced package that you inject yourself once a month.  By about my 4th month I had DRAMATIC remission of my Psoriasis. I honestly feel like the medication was a god send.  I'm 99&amp;#37; clear and occasionally get itchy in spots. I had NO idea that I could actually get my psoriasis into near full remission.  After trying every drug on the market (except humira), this was the cure.  The only downside is that you have to take it every month. You can't stop. Also, it is an insanely expensive drug. I had to appeal my insurance carrier to the highest levels after getting repeated noncerts. I was only able to have it approved as my doctor kept years of very detailed notes on the various treatments I had undergone which he used to convince the ins. company to authorize it.  Anyways, I wish you all the best and if you have any questions please don't hesitate to ask.
8yfkko,1070,1075,ADR,itchy,humira,humira,Life Changing Medication - Strong Recommend Hi everyone,  I've been struggling with Psoriasis for about 12 years with a diagnosis when I was about twenty. It started out on my scalp and spread to nearly my entire head, legs, and back.  Each 6 months to a year the doctor would elevate the level of treatment from creams / injections to methotrexate and otezla. Nothing made me more nauses and sick than Otezla.  The injections into inflamed areas would only give minor relief for a week or two.  I heard about a new drug about 11 months ago called Cosentryx. I asked my doctor who is a saint to look into it and he decided to give it a shot after doing research into the drug.  It's incredibly expensive, but if you have insurance, the company will send it to you for free for two years and will work with your doctor to get it authorized.  It comes in  an iced package that you inject yourself once a month.  By about my 4th month I had DRAMATIC remission of my Psoriasis. I honestly feel like the medication was a god send.  I'm 99&amp;#37; clear and occasionally get itchy in spots. I had NO idea that I could actually get my psoriasis into near full remission.  After trying every drug on the market (except humira), this was the cure.  The only downside is that you have to take it every month. You can't stop. Also, it is an insanely expensive drug. I had to appeal my insurance carrier to the highest levels after getting repeated noncerts. I was only able to have it approved as my doctor kept years of very detailed notes on the various treatments I had undergone which he used to convince the ins. company to authorize it.  Anyways, I wish you all the best and if you have any questions please don't hesitate to ask.
8y7d0e,83,90,ADR,flaring,humira,humira,Tired of fighting (a rant) So after 5 years of remission after resection I started flaring again late 2016. Right now, I'm *still* not in remission. Remicade failed due to antibodies, Humira worked for a while but just stopped for no reason, then I had Budesonide to tie me over until I could start Stelara. I just had my second treatment Monday, was feeling fine until Tuesday evening, and just feeling worse by the day now. This morning I was on the toilet 3 times in the hour I usually use to get ready for work. There's only pain today, so I had to call in sick even though I really don't want to. Even weed is barely helping right now, which usually is my instant helper. I don't know how much longer I can take this ☹
8y7d0e,529,533,ADR,pain,humira,humira,Tired of fighting (a rant) So after 5 years of remission after resection I started flaring again late 2016. Right now, I'm *still* not in remission. Remicade failed due to antibodies, Humira worked for a while but just stopped for no reason, then I had Budesonide to tie me over until I could start Stelara. I just had my second treatment Monday, was feeling fine until Tuesday evening, and just feeling worse by the day now. This morning I was on the toilet 3 times in the hour I usually use to get ready for work. There's only pain today, so I had to call in sick even though I really don't want to. Even weed is barely helping right now, which usually is my instant helper. I don't know how much longer I can take this ☹
8zt4mz,354,366,ADR,crazy dreams,seroquel,seroquel,Quetiapine (seroquel), and weed I’ve been taking seroquel for a couple years now n today I went from 100mg to 200mg tablets. I got home, took one, didn’t feel it so i decided to have joint ...  let me tell you that was Trippy as hell my walls looked like they were moving n shit  n had vibrant patterns .Then the indica hit and seroquel hit n I had some crazy dreams during my nap. If you take seroquel give this a try I do this when I really can’t sleep  Sorry if I wasted your time [6]
8zru47,1266,1280,ADR,sense of panic,seroquel,seroquel,Without fail, I always relapse because of anxiety attacks. Had adverse affects to prescribed anxiolytics, but CBD is about to be legalized. Could this help? Daily smoker for twelve years, been attempting to quit for at least half that, this is my first year that I've spent longer sober than stoned, so progress is being made. Currently I'm around over weeks sober but not counting.  My psych says (and I agree) that I relapse because I (ab)use cannabis as an anxiolytic, usually at times when its slings are insurmountable and I've reached (or bordering) anxiety attacks. The feeling of dread, impending calamity and portents of extended sobriety begin to chip away at my ability to function, and indeed become very debilitating.  I've gone as long as eight months sober, many ~3 month stints, and countless 3-6 week ones as well. I do everything to stave off the purchase, but at the point of diminishing returns I make the judgement call to smoke again for a brief respite.  My psych, doctor and I are working toward keeping me clean. I've been prescribed anxiolytics but had adverse effects (seroquel). At the riskof seeming self-indulgent and excusatory, I've accepted that I do, and if necessary, may 'relapse' (use therapeutically) cannabis to ameliorate the sense of panic and mania.   Though soon CBD will be legalized and some research has shown it to have neuroprotective benefits with regard to anxiety and depression. I do genuinely prefer my fluidity, clarity and activation when sober, and apart from this I regret every part of me that's high.  I wonder if anybody on /r/leaves may have had a similar situation, and if CBD has helped at all? I'm interested because I'm hopeful I'll benefit from all its therapeutic properties without any the psychoactive traits.  All comments and thoughts welcome but please be considerate.
8zru47,1285,1290,ADR,mania,seroquel,seroquel,Without fail, I always relapse because of anxiety attacks. Had adverse affects to prescribed anxiolytics, but CBD is about to be legalized. Could this help? Daily smoker for twelve years, been attempting to quit for at least half that, this is my first year that I've spent longer sober than stoned, so progress is being made. Currently I'm around over weeks sober but not counting.  My psych says (and I agree) that I relapse because I (ab)use cannabis as an anxiolytic, usually at times when its slings are insurmountable and I've reached (or bordering) anxiety attacks. The feeling of dread, impending calamity and portents of extended sobriety begin to chip away at my ability to function, and indeed become very debilitating.  I've gone as long as eight months sober, many ~3 month stints, and countless 3-6 week ones as well. I do everything to stave off the purchase, but at the point of diminishing returns I make the judgement call to smoke again for a brief respite.  My psych, doctor and I are working toward keeping me clean. I've been prescribed anxiolytics but had adverse effects (seroquel). At the riskof seeming self-indulgent and excusatory, I've accepted that I do, and if necessary, may 'relapse' (use therapeutically) cannabis to ameliorate the sense of panic and mania.   Though soon CBD will be legalized and some research has shown it to have neuroprotective benefits with regard to anxiety and depression. I do genuinely prefer my fluidity, clarity and activation when sober, and apart from this I regret every part of me that's high.  I wonder if anybody on /r/leaves may have had a similar situation, and if CBD has helped at all? I'm interested because I'm hopeful I'll benefit from all its therapeutic properties without any the psychoactive traits.  All comments and thoughts welcome but please be considerate.
8zpmss,228,246,ADR,depressive episode,seroquel,seroquel,Seroquel has been miraculous for me! To start, I am on Depakote and several other meds for Bipolar 1. Some Seroquel was given to me by a friend a while back for when in particularly psychotic states. I have been in an extensive depressive episode for the past few weeks. Sleeping 12 hours at minimum with no energy to get out of bed, alternating with panic states that last for hours of sobbing and shaking.  Yesterday, it reached a boiling point for me in terms of depression and panic attacks. I took Seroquel and went to sleep in the middle of the day and again later last night. It’s mid-afternoon here and i’m just waking up, which i’m not proud of, but I feel an enormous relief. My body isn’t aching as much, my head isn’t spinning, i have more energy and am considering taking a walk or picking up my apartment, and best of all I don’t feel deeply suicidal and like a porcelain doll thats been shattered.  It feels so good to have some RELIEF. Surprised by the help from this med; I associated it as a med for psychotic mania and not beneficial when i’m super depressed (however i’ve learned over time that these are not mutually exclusive symptoms).
8zpmss,351,362,ADR,panic state,seroquel,seroquel,Seroquel has been miraculous for me! To start, I am on Depakote and several other meds for Bipolar 1. Some Seroquel was given to me by a friend a while back for when in particularly psychotic states. I have been in an extensive depressive episode for the past few weeks. Sleeping 12 hours at minimum with no energy to get out of bed, alternating with panic states that last for hours of sobbing and shaking.  Yesterday, it reached a boiling point for me in terms of depression and panic attacks. I took Seroquel and went to sleep in the middle of the day and again later last night. It’s mid-afternoon here and i’m just waking up, which i’m not proud of, but I feel an enormous relief. My body isn’t aching as much, my head isn’t spinning, i have more energy and am considering taking a walk or picking up my apartment, and best of all I don’t feel deeply suicidal and like a porcelain doll thats been shattered.  It feels so good to have some RELIEF. Surprised by the help from this med; I associated it as a med for psychotic mania and not beneficial when i’m super depressed (however i’ve learned over time that these are not mutually exclusive symptoms).
8zpmss,399,406,ADR,shaking,seroquel,seroquel,Seroquel has been miraculous for me! To start, I am on Depakote and several other meds for Bipolar 1. Some Seroquel was given to me by a friend a while back for when in particularly psychotic states. I have been in an extensive depressive episode for the past few weeks. Sleeping 12 hours at minimum with no energy to get out of bed, alternating with panic states that last for hours of sobbing and shaking.  Yesterday, it reached a boiling point for me in terms of depression and panic attacks. I took Seroquel and went to sleep in the middle of the day and again later last night. It’s mid-afternoon here and i’m just waking up, which i’m not proud of, but I feel an enormous relief. My body isn’t aching as much, my head isn’t spinning, i have more energy and am considering taking a walk or picking up my apartment, and best of all I don’t feel deeply suicidal and like a porcelain doll thats been shattered.  It feels so good to have some RELIEF. Surprised by the help from this med; I associated it as a med for psychotic mania and not beneficial when i’m super depressed (however i’ve learned over time that these are not mutually exclusive symptoms).
8zpmss,481,494,ADR,panic attacks,seroquel,seroquel,Seroquel has been miraculous for me! To start, I am on Depakote and several other meds for Bipolar 1. Some Seroquel was given to me by a friend a while back for when in particularly psychotic states. I have been in an extensive depressive episode for the past few weeks. Sleeping 12 hours at minimum with no energy to get out of bed, alternating with panic states that last for hours of sobbing and shaking.  Yesterday, it reached a boiling point for me in terms of depression and panic attacks. I took Seroquel and went to sleep in the middle of the day and again later last night. It’s mid-afternoon here and i’m just waking up, which i’m not proud of, but I feel an enormous relief. My body isn’t aching as much, my head isn’t spinning, i have more energy and am considering taking a walk or picking up my apartment, and best of all I don’t feel deeply suicidal and like a porcelain doll thats been shattered.  It feels so good to have some RELIEF. Surprised by the help from this med; I associated it as a med for psychotic mania and not beneficial when i’m super depressed (however i’ve learned over time that these are not mutually exclusive symptoms).
8z28f0,9,19,ADR,Withdrawel,seroquel,seroquel,Seroquel Withdrawel sneezing/runny nose anyone else?   Ok  So I'm on like day 5 of lowering my seroquel from 300mg at night  to 225 mg at night and plan to go down to 150 in a week or so.  I already have the cold like, runny nose, sneezing symptoms. It starts in the late afternoon apparently when the last nights dose is low in the blood.  3 years ago, I went total cold turkey off 300 mg for a month and it was so bad had to put tissues up my nose because the mucus just would not stop. I have never heard of anyone else talk about this w/d symptom  After a lot of research I learned that seroquel is a powerful anti-histamine and apparently it fucked up my histamine receptors. It was so bad I ended up going back on it.  But, this time, I figured tapering off it would be better. My question to everyone who sucessfully got off or lowered their seroquel dose after being on it a long time, is this what happened to you also?  I have been on seroquel for years, and it works but I just can't stand being so sedated and groggy in the am. I want to get on a low dose and maybe get off it altogether
8z28f0,20,28,ADR,sneezing,seroquel,seroquel,Seroquel Withdrawel sneezing/runny nose anyone else?   Ok  So I'm on like day 5 of lowering my seroquel from 300mg at night  to 225 mg at night and plan to go down to 150 in a week or so.  I already have the cold like, runny nose, sneezing symptoms. It starts in the late afternoon apparently when the last nights dose is low in the blood.  3 years ago, I went total cold turkey off 300 mg for a month and it was so bad had to put tissues up my nose because the mucus just would not stop. I have never heard of anyone else talk about this w/d symptom  After a lot of research I learned that seroquel is a powerful anti-histamine and apparently it fucked up my histamine receptors. It was so bad I ended up going back on it.  But, this time, I figured tapering off it would be better. My question to everyone who sucessfully got off or lowered their seroquel dose after being on it a long time, is this what happened to you also?  I have been on seroquel for years, and it works but I just can't stand being so sedated and groggy in the am. I want to get on a low dose and maybe get off it altogether
8z28f0,29,39,ADR,runny nose,seroquel,seroquel,Seroquel Withdrawel sneezing/runny nose anyone else?   Ok  So I'm on like day 5 of lowering my seroquel from 300mg at night  to 225 mg at night and plan to go down to 150 in a week or so.  I already have the cold like, runny nose, sneezing symptoms. It starts in the late afternoon apparently when the last nights dose is low in the blood.  3 years ago, I went total cold turkey off 300 mg for a month and it was so bad had to put tissues up my nose because the mucus just would not stop. I have never heard of anyone else talk about this w/d symptom  After a lot of research I learned that seroquel is a powerful anti-histamine and apparently it fucked up my histamine receptors. It was so bad I ended up going back on it.  But, this time, I figured tapering off it would be better. My question to everyone who sucessfully got off or lowered their seroquel dose after being on it a long time, is this what happened to you also?  I have been on seroquel for years, and it works but I just can't stand being so sedated and groggy in the am. I want to get on a low dose and maybe get off it altogether
8z28f0,1010,1017,ADR,sedated,seroquel,seroquel,Seroquel Withdrawel sneezing/runny nose anyone else?   Ok  So I'm on like day 5 of lowering my seroquel from 300mg at night  to 225 mg at night and plan to go down to 150 in a week or so.  I already have the cold like, runny nose, sneezing symptoms. It starts in the late afternoon apparently when the last nights dose is low in the blood.  3 years ago, I went total cold turkey off 300 mg for a month and it was so bad had to put tissues up my nose because the mucus just would not stop. I have never heard of anyone else talk about this w/d symptom  After a lot of research I learned that seroquel is a powerful anti-histamine and apparently it fucked up my histamine receptors. It was so bad I ended up going back on it.  But, this time, I figured tapering off it would be better. My question to everyone who sucessfully got off or lowered their seroquel dose after being on it a long time, is this what happened to you also?  I have been on seroquel for years, and it works but I just can't stand being so sedated and groggy in the am. I want to get on a low dose and maybe get off it altogether
8z28f0,1022,1028,ADR,groggy,seroquel,seroquel,Seroquel Withdrawel sneezing/runny nose anyone else?   Ok  So I'm on like day 5 of lowering my seroquel from 300mg at night  to 225 mg at night and plan to go down to 150 in a week or so.  I already have the cold like, runny nose, sneezing symptoms. It starts in the late afternoon apparently when the last nights dose is low in the blood.  3 years ago, I went total cold turkey off 300 mg for a month and it was so bad had to put tissues up my nose because the mucus just would not stop. I have never heard of anyone else talk about this w/d symptom  After a lot of research I learned that seroquel is a powerful anti-histamine and apparently it fucked up my histamine receptors. It was so bad I ended up going back on it.  But, this time, I figured tapering off it would be better. My question to everyone who sucessfully got off or lowered their seroquel dose after being on it a long time, is this what happened to you also?  I have been on seroquel for years, and it works but I just can't stand being so sedated and groggy in the am. I want to get on a low dose and maybe get off it altogether
8xw9l4,301,313,ADR,stomach ache,seroquel,seroquel,Seroquel side effects? I didn’t take my seroquel last night. I don’t use it for bipolar disorder- it’s for my anxiety and inability to sleep at night. I was supposed to take 50 mg at night but it’s too much for me. I only take a tiny piece of my 50 mg tablets.   I slept 4 hours before I woke up to a stomach ache, hungry but too anxious to eat, anxiety, confusion, and difficulties concentrating. I also take the depo shot for birth control.  Can these side effects happen after one night or not taking it?
8xw9l4,330,337,ADR,anxious,seroquel,seroquel,Seroquel side effects? I didn’t take my seroquel last night. I don’t use it for bipolar disorder- it’s for my anxiety and inability to sleep at night. I was supposed to take 50 mg at night but it’s too much for me. I only take a tiny piece of my 50 mg tablets.   I slept 4 hours before I woke up to a stomach ache, hungry but too anxious to eat, anxiety, confusion, and difficulties concentrating. I also take the depo shot for birth control.  Can these side effects happen after one night or not taking it?
8xw9l4,355,364,ADR,confusion,seroquel,seroquel,Seroquel side effects? I didn’t take my seroquel last night. I don’t use it for bipolar disorder- it’s for my anxiety and inability to sleep at night. I was supposed to take 50 mg at night but it’s too much for me. I only take a tiny piece of my 50 mg tablets.   I slept 4 hours before I woke up to a stomach ache, hungry but too anxious to eat, anxiety, confusion, and difficulties concentrating. I also take the depo shot for birth control.  Can these side effects happen after one night or not taking it?
8xw9l4,370,396,ADR,difficulties concentrating,seroquel,seroquel,Seroquel side effects? I didn’t take my seroquel last night. I don’t use it for bipolar disorder- it’s for my anxiety and inability to sleep at night. I was supposed to take 50 mg at night but it’s too much for me. I only take a tiny piece of my 50 mg tablets.   I slept 4 hours before I woke up to a stomach ache, hungry but too anxious to eat, anxiety, confusion, and difficulties concentrating. I also take the depo shot for birth control.  Can these side effects happen after one night or not taking it?
8zidk5,323,329,ADR,phobic,paxil,paxil,in real time predicament Thank you in advance for advice.  Long story short, late 20's - diagnosed Panic Disorder with agoraphobia since 2009. Currently taking Paxil CR 37.5 mg + 600 mg Gabapentin, daily.  My condition has improved and worsened since initial diagnosis. I hadn't left where I live (NYC) for 2 years. Became phobic of bridges &amp; somewhat less phobic of highway driving.  A friend of mine convinced me to take a road trip to Miami with her. Last night I popped 2 Ativan to get over the bridge. Slept over &amp; left for Miami at around 6am.  It's now 1am Tuesday and we are in South Carolina (hotel). I was pleasantly surprised to see myself conquer so much so fast.  I'm now concerned that I bit off more than I can chew. Having severe panic thoughts, catastrophic thinking minus full attacks.  I honestly don't think I can make it to Miami tomorrow. Will tell her in AM &amp; probably get the shit beat out of me. But whatever.  Description of current state of mind - extremely strong urge to be home (but immediately), unable to cope with this powerful urge without feeling sick, wanting to cry etc knowing I'm 10 hours away.  My fear/question - is it possible that my discomfort, urge to be immediately home can cause some kind of mental breakdown where I would lose control of myself/ability to think logically? Can I lose touch with reality from falling into such a panic that I am far from home, and that's it's impossible to return right now as I want to be?  Will I be able to maintain the ability to mentally make my way back home?  Thank you again for listening. I tried to be as specific as possible.
8zidk5,747,769,ADR,severe panic thoughts,,paxil,paxil,in real time predicament Thank you in advance for advice.  Long story short, late 20's - diagnosed Panic Disorder with agoraphobia since 2009. Currently taking Paxil CR 37.5 mg + 600 mg Gabapentin, daily.  My condition has improved and worsened since initial diagnosis. I hadn't left where I live (NYC) for 2 years. Became phobic of bridges &amp; somewhat less phobic of highway driving.  A friend of mine convinced me to take a road trip to Miami with her. Last night I popped 2 Ativan to get over the bridge. Slept over &amp; left for Miami at around 6am.  It's now 1am Tuesday and we are in South Carolina (hotel). I was pleasantly surprised to see myself conquer so much so fast.  I'm now concerned that I bit off more than I can chew. Having severe panic thoughts, catastrophic thinking minus full attacks.  I honestly don't think I can make it to Miami tomorrow. Will tell her in AM &amp; probably get the shit beat out of me. But whatever.  Description of current state of mind - extremely strong urge to be home (but immediately), unable to cope with this powerful urge without feeling sick, wanting to cry etc knowing I'm 10 hours away.  My fear/question - is it possible that my discomfort, urge to be immediately home can cause some kind of mental breakdown where I would lose control of myself/ability to think logically? Can I lose touch with reality from falling into such a panic that I am far from home, and that's it's impossible to return right now as I want to be?  Will I be able to maintain the ability to mentally make my way back home?  Thank you again for listening. I tried to be as specific as possible.
8zidk5,770,791,ADR,catastrophic thinking,paxil,paxil,in real time predicament Thank you in advance for advice.  Long story short, late 20's - diagnosed Panic Disorder with agoraphobia since 2009. Currently taking Paxil CR 37.5 mg + 600 mg Gabapentin, daily.  My condition has improved and worsened since initial diagnosis. I hadn't left where I live (NYC) for 2 years. Became phobic of bridges &amp; somewhat less phobic of highway driving.  A friend of mine convinced me to take a road trip to Miami with her. Last night I popped 2 Ativan to get over the bridge. Slept over &amp; left for Miami at around 6am.  It's now 1am Tuesday and we are in South Carolina (hotel). I was pleasantly surprised to see myself conquer so much so fast.  I'm now concerned that I bit off more than I can chew. Having severe panic thoughts, catastrophic thinking minus full attacks.  I honestly don't think I can make it to Miami tomorrow. Will tell her in AM &amp; probably get the shit beat out of me. But whatever.  Description of current state of mind - extremely strong urge to be home (but immediately), unable to cope with this powerful urge without feeling sick, wanting to cry etc knowing I'm 10 hours away.  My fear/question - is it possible that my discomfort, urge to be immediately home can cause some kind of mental breakdown where I would lose control of myself/ability to think logically? Can I lose touch with reality from falling into such a panic that I am far from home, and that's it's impossible to return right now as I want to be?  Will I be able to maintain the ability to mentally make my way back home?  Thank you again for listening. I tried to be as specific as possible.
8zidk5,803,810,ADR,attacks,paxil,paxil,in real time predicament Thank you in advance for advice.  Long story short, late 20's - diagnosed Panic Disorder with agoraphobia since 2009. Currently taking Paxil CR 37.5 mg + 600 mg Gabapentin, daily.  My condition has improved and worsened since initial diagnosis. I hadn't left where I live (NYC) for 2 years. Became phobic of bridges &amp; somewhat less phobic of highway driving.  A friend of mine convinced me to take a road trip to Miami with her. Last night I popped 2 Ativan to get over the bridge. Slept over &amp; left for Miami at around 6am.  It's now 1am Tuesday and we are in South Carolina (hotel). I was pleasantly surprised to see myself conquer so much so fast.  I'm now concerned that I bit off more than I can chew. Having severe panic thoughts, catastrophic thinking minus full attacks.  I honestly don't think I can make it to Miami tomorrow. Will tell her in AM &amp; probably get the shit beat out of me. But whatever.  Description of current state of mind - extremely strong urge to be home (but immediately), unable to cope with this powerful urge without feeling sick, wanting to cry etc knowing I'm 10 hours away.  My fear/question - is it possible that my discomfort, urge to be immediately home can cause some kind of mental breakdown where I would lose control of myself/ability to think logically? Can I lose touch with reality from falling into such a panic that I am far from home, and that's it's impossible to return right now as I want to be?  Will I be able to maintain the ability to mentally make my way back home?  Thank you again for listening. I tried to be as specific as possible.
8zidk5,1252,1268,ADR,mental breakdown,paxil,paxil,in real time predicament Thank you in advance for advice.  Long story short, late 20's - diagnosed Panic Disorder with agoraphobia since 2009. Currently taking Paxil CR 37.5 mg + 600 mg Gabapentin, daily.  My condition has improved and worsened since initial diagnosis. I hadn't left where I live (NYC) for 2 years. Became phobic of bridges &amp; somewhat less phobic of highway driving.  A friend of mine convinced me to take a road trip to Miami with her. Last night I popped 2 Ativan to get over the bridge. Slept over &amp; left for Miami at around 6am.  It's now 1am Tuesday and we are in South Carolina (hotel). I was pleasantly surprised to see myself conquer so much so fast.  I'm now concerned that I bit off more than I can chew. Having severe panic thoughts, catastrophic thinking minus full attacks.  I honestly don't think I can make it to Miami tomorrow. Will tell her in AM &amp; probably get the shit beat out of me. But whatever.  Description of current state of mind - extremely strong urge to be home (but immediately), unable to cope with this powerful urge without feeling sick, wanting to cry etc knowing I'm 10 hours away.  My fear/question - is it possible that my discomfort, urge to be immediately home can cause some kind of mental breakdown where I would lose control of myself/ability to think logically? Can I lose touch with reality from falling into such a panic that I am far from home, and that's it's impossible to return right now as I want to be?  Will I be able to maintain the ability to mentally make my way back home?  Thank you again for listening. I tried to be as specific as possible.
8y12vu,1819,1832,ADR,brain atrophy,paxil,paxil,There Is No Such Thing as a Psychiatric Disorder/Disease/Chemical Imbalance Fred Baughman (ADHD) In her recent PLoS Medicine article, Christine Phillips writes: “ADHD [attention deficit hyperactivity disorder] joins dyslexia and glue ear as disorders that are considered significant primarily because of their effects on educational performance” . A “disorder” is “a disturbance of function, structure, or both,” and thus, the equivalent of an objective abnormality/disease . In neurologically normal children, dyslexia cannot be proved to be a disorder/disease. “Glue ear,” however, is otitis media, an objective abnormality/ disease. Phillips continues: “In the case of ADHD, there has been a complex, often heated debate in the public domain about the verity of the illness,” but proceeds, without an answer, to consider “the roles of teachers as brokers for ADHD and its treatment.”  In 1948, “neuropsychiatry” was divided into “neurology,” dealing with diseases, and “psychiatry,” dealing with emotions and behaviors . If there is a macroscopic, microscopic, or chemical abnormality, a disease is present. Nowhere in the brains or bodies of children said to have ADHD or any other psychiatric diagnosis has a disorder/disease been confirmed. Psychiatric drugs appeared in the fifties. Psychiatry and the pharmaceutical industry authored the “chemical imbalance” market strategy: they would call all things psychological “chemical imbalances” needing “chemical balancers”—pills.  At the September 29, 1970, hearing on Federal Involvement in the Use of Behavior Modification Drugs on Grammar School Children, Ronald Lipman of the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA), argued: “hyperkinesis is a medical syndrome. It should be properly diagnosed by a medical doctor” .  In 1986, Nasrallah et al. reported brain atrophy in adult males treated with amphetamines as children, concluding: “since all of the HK/MBD [hyperkinetic/minimal brain dysfunction] patients had been treated with psychostimulants, cortical atrophy may be a long-term adverse effect of this treatment.”  At the 1998 National Institutes of Health (NIH) Consensus Development Conference on ADHD, Carey stated: “The ADHD behaviors are assumed to be largely or entirely due to abnormal brain function. The DSM-IV does not say so but textbooks and journals do.... What is now most often described as ADHD...appears to be a set of normal behavioral variations.”  However Swanson and Castellanos , having reviewed the structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) research, testified: “Recent investigations provide converging evidence that a refined phenotype of ADHD/HKD (hyperkinetic disorder) is characterized by reduced size in specific neuroanatomical regions of the frontal lobes and basal ganglia.” I challenged Swanson, asking: “Why didn't you mention that virtually all of the ADHD subjects were on stimulant therapy—the likely cause of their brain atrophy?” [8] Swanson confessed this was so—that there had been no such studies of ADHD-untreated cohorts.  The Consensus Conference Panel concluded: “We do not have a valid test for ADHD... there are no data to indicate that ADHD is a brain malfunction” . (This wording appeared in the version of the final statement of the Consensus Conference Panel distributed at the press conference in the final part of the Consensus Conference, November 18, 1998. This wording, which appeared for an indeterminate time on the NIH Web site, was subsequently removed and replaced with wording claiming “validity” for ADHD.)  In 2002, Castellanos et al. published the one and only MRI study of an ADHD-untreated group. However, because the ADHD-untreated patients were two years younger than the controls, the study was invalid, leaving stimulant treatment, not the never-validated disorder, ADHD, the likely cause of the brain atrophy.  In 2002, Daniel Weinberger, of the National Institute of Mental Health, claimed “major psychiatric diseases” are associated with “subtle but objectively characterizable changes” but could reference not a single proof (quoted in)  In 2002, the Advertisement Commission of Holland  determined that the claim that ADHD is an inborn brain dysfunction was misleading and enjoined the Brain Foundation of the Netherlands to cease such representations.  In 2003, Ireland prohibited GlaxoSmithKline from claiming that the antidepressant Paxil “works by bringing serotonin levels back to normal.” Wayne Goodman of the FDA acknowledged that claims that selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors correct a serotonin imbalance go “too far,” but had the temerity to suggest that “this is reasonable shorthand for expressing a chemically or brain-based problem” (quoted in  At an FDA hearing on March 23, 2006, I testified: “Saying any psychiatric diagnosis ‘is a brain-based problem and that the medications are normalizing function’ is an anti-scientific, pro-drug lie” Yet this has become standard practice throughout medicine, for example, at the American Psychiatric Association American Medical Association , American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, American Academy of Pediatrics, Child Neurology Society, American Academy of Family Physicians FDA and virtually all US government health-care agencies.  Journal articles , press releases, ads , drug inserts, and research informed consent documents say, or infer, that psychological diagnoses are abnormalities/diseases. All patients and research participants with psychological problems are led to believe they have an abnormality/disease, biasing them in favor of medical interventions, and against nonmedical interventions (e.g., love, will power, or talk therapy), which presume, as is the case, that the individual is physically and medically normal and without need of a medical/pharmaceutical intervention.  The FDA is the agency most responsible for conveying the facts needed by the public to make risk versus benefit and informed consent decisions. Instead—by protecting industry, not the public—the FDA is a purveyor of the psychiatric “disease” and “chemical imbalance” lie. This must change.  References  1. Phillips CB (2006) Medicine goes to school: Teachers as sickness brokers for ADHD. PLoS Med 3: e182. View Article Google Scholar 2. Stedman TL (1990) Stedman's medical dictionary, 25th ed. Baltimore: Williams and Wilkins. 1784 p. 3. Cohen MM, editor. (1998) American Academy of Neurology: The first 50 years, 1948–1998. St. Paul (Minnesota): American Academy of Neurology. 338 p. 4. Lipman R1970 Federal involvement in the use of behavior modification drugs on grammar school children of the right to privacy inquiry.1129 Hearing before a Subcommittee of the Committee on Government Operations House of Representatives, Ninety-First Congress, Second Session . View Article Google Scholar 5. Nasrallah HA, Loney J, Olson SC, McCalley-Whitters M, Kramer J, et al. (1986) Cortical atrophy in young adults with a history of hyperactivity in childhood. Psychiatry Res 17: 241–246. View Article Google Scholar 6. Carey WB (1998) Is attention deficit hyperactivity disorder a valid disorder? pp. 33–36. 7. Swanson J, Castellanos FX (1998) Biological bases of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. pp. 37–42. 8. Baughman FA (1999) ADHD—Total, 100% fraud [video]. 9. 1998 National Institutes of Health Consensus Development Conference Statement.1118 View Article Google Scholar 10. Castellanos FX, Lee PP, Sharp W, Jeffries NO, Greenstein DK, et al. (2002) Developmental trajectories of brain volume abnormalities in children and adolescents with attention- deficit/hyperactivity disorder. JAMA 288: 1740–1748. View Article Google Scholar 11. McBride G2002 Neuroimaging advances offer new data on stroke detection and the genetics of mental illness. Neurol Today 626–28. View Article Google Scholar 12. Holland's Advertisement Code Commission on ADHD In the case: Nederland Comite voor de Rechten van de Mens (CCHR), domiciled in Amsterdam, plaintiff; The Brain Foundation Netherlands, domiciled in the Hague, defendant. Decision of the Advertisement Code Commission (Chamber II) 4 July 2002 . View Article Google Scholar 13. Meek C (2006) SSRI ads questioned. CMAJ 174: 754. View Article Google Scholar 14. Baughman FA2006 Mar 23. Fred Baughman's testimony to the Psychopharmacologic Drugs Advisory Committee. Washington (D. C.): Department of Health and Human Services. http://www.fda.gov/ohrms/dockets/ac/06/transcripts/2006-4212T1-Part1.htm. Accessed 13 June 2006 . 15. American Psychiatric Association (1994) Diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders DSM-IV, 4th ed. Washington (D. C.): American Psychiatric Association. 886 p. 16. Baughman FA (1999) Treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. JAMA 281: 1490. View Article Google Scholar 17. Baughman FA (2001) Diagnosis and evaluation of the child with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. Pediatrics 107: 1239. View Article Google Scholar 18. Lacasse JR, Leo J (2005) Serotonin and depression: A disconnect between the advertisements and the scientific literature. PLoS Med 2: e392.
8zckp0,12,25,ADR,hyperglycemia,trazodone,trazodone,Vraylar and hyperglycemia I was put on Vraylar about a month ago.  It is pretty much the first bipolar med I've used that actually works.  I also do 20mg lexapro and 150mg trazodone - been taking those two for a long time.  Unfortunately, the Vraylar seems makes my blood sugar spike (130s up to 180s, so far).  I discontinued use when it first happened, and contacted my pshrink.  Since I'm more functional with Vraylar than I had been in literally decades, we decided to continue use and and I would start taking metformin.  It doesn't seem to have much of an effect, though - this morning I clocked in at 137 - too high.  This is depressing because I do not want to go back to wondering when my manic rage is going to make me look like an idiot.   I'd rather develop full-blown diabetes than go back to that.  Has anyone else had a problem with high blood sugar and Vraylar?  How did you deal with it and was it successful?
8zckp0,698,708,ADR,manic rage,trazodone,trazodone,Vraylar and hyperglycemia I was put on Vraylar about a month ago.  It is pretty much the first bipolar med I've used that actually works.  I also do 20mg lexapro and 150mg trazodone - been taking those two for a long time.  Unfortunately, the Vraylar seems makes my blood sugar spike (130s up to 180s, so far).  I discontinued use when it first happened, and contacted my pshrink.  Since I'm more functional with Vraylar than I had been in literally decades, we decided to continue use and and I would start taking metformin.  It doesn't seem to have much of an effect, though - this morning I clocked in at 137 - too high.  This is depressing because I do not want to go back to wondering when my manic rage is going to make me look like an idiot.   I'd rather develop full-blown diabetes than go back to that.  Has anyone else had a problem with high blood sugar and Vraylar?  How did you deal with it and was it successful?
8zckp0,781,789,ADR,diabetes,vraylar,vraylar,Vraylar and hyperglycemia I was put on Vraylar about a month ago.  It is pretty much the first bipolar med I've used that actually works.  I also do 20mg lexapro and 150mg trazodone - been taking those two for a long time.  Unfortunately, the Vraylar seems makes my blood sugar spike (130s up to 180s, so far).  I discontinued use when it first happened, and contacted my pshrink.  Since I'm more functional with Vraylar than I had been in literally decades, we decided to continue use and and I would start taking metformin.  It doesn't seem to have much of an effect, though - this morning I clocked in at 137 - too high.  This is depressing because I do not want to go back to wondering when my manic rage is going to make me look like an idiot.   I'd rather develop full-blown diabetes than go back to that.  Has anyone else had a problem with high blood sugar and Vraylar?  How did you deal with it and was it successful?
8zc0xv,353,361,ADR,insomnia,trazodone,trazodone,Lexapro and problems sleeing I was started on lexapro mainly for problems sleeping (both getting to sleep and waking too early). Also for anxiety issues/worrying.   I’ve been on it for just over 3 weeks. I’ve been on 10 mg for almost 1.5 weeks. I started on 2.5 mg for 5 days, then 5 mg for 4 days, and then 10 mg.   Since starting My sleep maintenance insomnia has significantly worsened. I wake up after 4-5 hrs and can’t sleep. It’s a lot worse than it ever was before the lexapro. I’ve been taking trazodone and melatonin when i wake up which gets me back to sleep... but the trazodone makes me groggy the next day.   Is this something that should get better? Or is there anything else i can do? I have heard sleep problems can worsen when coming off lexapro which I’m nervous i might have to do if my sleep doesn’t improve.
8zc0xv,599,605,ADR,groggy,trazodone,trazodone,Lexapro and problems sleeing I was started on lexapro mainly for problems sleeping (both getting to sleep and waking too early). Also for anxiety issues/worrying.   I’ve been on it for just over 3 weeks. I’ve been on 10 mg for almost 1.5 weeks. I started on 2.5 mg for 5 days, then 5 mg for 4 days, and then 10 mg.   Since starting My sleep maintenance insomnia has significantly worsened. I wake up after 4-5 hrs and can’t sleep. It’s a lot worse than it ever was before the lexapro. I’ve been taking trazodone and melatonin when i wake up which gets me back to sleep... but the trazodone makes me groggy the next day.   Is this something that should get better? Or is there anything else i can do? I have heard sleep problems can worsen when coming off lexapro which I’m nervous i might have to do if my sleep doesn’t improve.
8zc0xv,773,780,ADR,nervous,trazodone,trazodone,Lexapro and problems sleeing I was started on lexapro mainly for problems sleeping (both getting to sleep and waking too early). Also for anxiety issues/worrying.   I’ve been on it for just over 3 weeks. I’ve been on 10 mg for almost 1.5 weeks. I started on 2.5 mg for 5 days, then 5 mg for 4 days, and then 10 mg.   Since starting My sleep maintenance insomnia has significantly worsened. I wake up after 4-5 hrs and can’t sleep. It’s a lot worse than it ever was before the lexapro. I’ve been taking trazodone and melatonin when i wake up which gets me back to sleep... but the trazodone makes me groggy the next day.   Is this something that should get better? Or is there anything else i can do? I have heard sleep problems can worsen when coming off lexapro which I’m nervous i might have to do if my sleep doesn’t improve.
8y8hj0,467,476,ADR,addiction,trazodone,trazodone,Afraid of increasing magnesium dosage I took 600mg at 4 in the morning and it helped me sleep a little bit. But I feel the anti-anxiety effect isn't strong. I still got anxious during the day. Should I increase my dosage? I'm afraid of side effects but maybe I need to experiment. I'm using Doctor's Best High Absorption.  I'm also thinking about trazodone or benzos but my psychiatrist is too far away and there are too many people, and for the latter I'm afraid of addiction.
8zcf8d,448,458,ADR,dependence,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Phenibut Discussion. Part-2 **Phenibut** same - it's a very, very unique product,  often repeat, is a good substitute - an alternative to supplements,  because its tranquilizing properties are quite within 1500-2000mg / day,  but there is no side effects, and memory indicators of intelligence in  general only improve. If addicts have nothing to take, they OCCASIONALLY  Phenibut abuse, which, of course, at high doses, leads to the formation  of dependence is very mild. Often it is not required to facilitate  specific drug withdrawal. Phenibut, I repeat again, it is one of the few  neuroprotective drugs, has no side effects like Piracetam, etc.  (agitation, insomnia, etc.) - so Phenibutum very popular. Adding it to  the treatment regimen of mental disorders significantly reduces the dose  of antipsychotic drugs, biological supplements and other medicines, and  thus eliminates the side effects Phenibutum "heavy drugs". A unique  product that has no analogues in the world. And the fact that many  doctors do not know how to use it properly, and drug addicts sometimes  abuse them - it is clear how to grams peas. And even more clear  ignorance of many "Psychiatrists" in relation to Phenibut - they are, I  repeat, we must be able to use.  Phenibutum actually promotes  rejection of depression since the first dose. It helps to maintain  physical activity and overloads, Phenotropil is a littleall the same.  But ... in conditions of psychological stress preferred the latter.  Several noticeable mood-elevating effect of this nootropic that is not  always necessary. Overall, a very decent product - not expecting.  Introduction  into the molecule of the fatty GABA phenyl radical Phenibut converts it  into a preparation. This radical GABA easily penetrates into the brain  and has a strong inhibitory action (which is characteristic of this  acid).    GABA also exerts nootropic effect (it is mandatory participant in many metabolic processes in the brain).  **What do you think about course combination Phenibut and Pantogam (say Pantogam course lasts, and for 2-3 weeks joins Phenibut)?**  To  reduce the irritating effect on the mucous membrane of the digestive  tract Phenibut had to take gastrofarm, with a clear action Phenibut I  have not seen.  Before taking phenibut need a square meal, a good  anxiolytic, good support in stressful situations, but slows down  response time.  In general, I have absolutely no interest in the use of recreational [Phenibut](http://drdoping.com/shop/phenibut/)  not interested as to develop the use of ad hoc, most want to know is  about the use of foreign exchange, as I expressed astenik with a  combination of fatigue and at the same time quite strong generalized  anxiety.      I know a lot of stimulants, some of them tried Enerion  the same way, foreign exchange reception very nice reduces fatigue -  BUT! - My whip in the first place - the anxiety, uncertainty, stiffness,  severe vegetative reactions sometimes the most innocuous anxiogenic  stimuli (call the client at work, resolution of operational problems,  etc.) - vega rushing, by leaps and bounds: the pulse quickens 3 sekndy  and a half times, sweating, subjective sense of increasing blood  pressure.      I want it to get out of it completely. Symptom of a  watch for about 7 years (21 years for this day, 28 years), and watch it  in the steady development. Shoveled tons of material for nootropics,  tranquilizers, psychostimulants, etc. Many have tried, but their main  problem - the alarm and a monstrous reflection - to win can not. I  think, and fatigue grows from here.      He was engaged not only in  self, was the doctors. In addition to the procedures and the regime (by  the way, involved in athletics, I love warm baths, etc. - helps only  during the procedure, from start to finish: got out of the bath / jumped  off the treadmill - Symptoms go into growth again)    doctors prescribed: 1) Pantogam 2) Medazepam.       Medazepam tried (although he knew what the charm) - by itself, Tupelo,  and sexual life left in the realm of fantasy. Naturally, from the BDT he  refused. By the way, I tried Grandaxinum - about anything.       Pantogam begin to accept and finish, more than 3 months did not take any  time - yes, some effect is, again, starting with doses of 2g (8  tablets) per day, but more or less serious anxiogenic environment (and I  Manager active sales) effect is somewhere far away, faint background.  You  write that your main problem is "anxiety, uncertainty, stiffness,  monstrous reflection, and hence fatigue." So I do not see in this case,  the indications for admission nootropics. You yourself write that you  have tried many things, but the condition is getting worse, "a symptom  watch for about 7 years (21 years for this day, 28 years), and watch it  in the steady development." Therefore, it may make sense to discuss with  your doctor the inclusion in the scheme of treatment of antidepressants  and tranquilizers?  I took sertraline (Stimuloton) 200 mg / day.  Yes, the mood in general is increased, more energy - but! - Anxiety  remained still, fatigue, in principle, too. Thus, in general,  antidepressant influenced only general background mood. (NB Before  taking Sertraline Fluoxetine 2 months - went to Sertalin because of  sedation, which is produced in the fluoxetine me).      I would take  Sertraline further, but left (descended gradually decreasing doses of  "ladder") due to the negative effect of too, which he made on libido,  erection and sensitivity, up to anorgasmia. (By the way, occasionally (3  weeks) tried mono bupropion, yes, of course, in the sexual sphere it  acts only positive, but - crazy aggression, impulsivity, anxiety  generally passed into paranoia ....)      In general, empirically  observed that the most positive impact on the complex I have only  nootropics, but in different ways. Of course, Timo-analeptic effect of  sertraline is beyond competition.  What's to argue Phenibutum  popular among the people and is sold without a prescription. How to love  to joke with the reception thereof nootropic becoming give a damn :)  hence the root Phenibutum. But seriously Phenibutum suppresses anxiety,  relieves asthenia, energizing, acting a little Wegetotropona, enhances  the antidepressive effect in TCA - prices were not, would this  nootropics, but unlike Phenotropil - reduces attention and slows  reaction.  I take Phenibut for week, there is a strong effect, but I  just have not tried before. You can draw an analogy to its action of  bupropion, only changing the negative to the positive.      Bupropion is also based on phenyl-ethylamine structure (this is just for reference).      However, personally from bupropion I watched the monstrous aggression and destructive thinking.    From Phenibut - quite the opposite, I would call it a strong empathogen.       Phenibut acc. the law should be sold strictly on prescription. It  should be noted that for him now follow stricter than many other funds,  stricter than fluoxetine (eg., Profluzak). And I readily understand why,  because Profluzak (when I took it - the doctor wrote 1.5 years ago)  almost makes man God's dandelion. Then the action is much more difficult  Phenibut.      I for myself have now understood why the whole  attitude towards Nootropil skeptical - as compared to all other Phenibut  nootropics (and I have tried almost everything, trying to get out of  troubling asthenia) - compared to him they - vitamin C in the degree of  impact on the psyche.      Moreover, now I would recommend to treat  it much neater. Yes, positive, but very, very strange ... I do not know  what will happen, but it seems to me that the first time my personality  changes, and much more so than it has been in the treatment of other  nootropics, DB, antidepressants (fluoxetine and sertraline (at a time,  one had to change to another) - on doctor's advice).      I  currently find it difficult to give a general description of this  change. Of course, I notice a significant reduction asthenic effects  (weakness, fatigue), as well as anxiety, but I think it gives a certain  price, though, I repeat, I can not say for sure, strategically change  negative or positive.      I can only assure you that the anti-social effects, drug aggression is not exactly in this respect it is safe.       But the fact that it is often prescribed to children ... I was puzzled  and confused now that I feel in myself these changes. I would not  recommend prescribed the drug during the formation of the central  nervous system.      But the fact that the drug is definitely  powerful, I can confirm (based on my extensive experience in the  treatment of a placebo effect can not be considered - not only admit to  the second reception at the beginning of the course I felt no small  skepticism with regard to the drug - of course , expected effect, but  suggested that it would be slender like Pantogam).  [http://drdoping.com/blog/phenibut-discussion-part-2](http://drdoping.com/blog/phenibut-discussion-part-2)
8zcf8d,527,538,ADR,withdrawal.,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Phenibut Discussion. Part-2 **Phenibut** same - it's a very, very unique product,  often repeat, is a good substitute - an alternative to supplements,  because its tranquilizing properties are quite within 1500-2000mg / day,  but there is no side effects, and memory indicators of intelligence in  general only improve. If addicts have nothing to take, they OCCASIONALLY  Phenibut abuse, which, of course, at high doses, leads to the formation  of dependence is very mild. Often it is not required to facilitate  specific drug withdrawal. Phenibut, I repeat again, it is one of the few  neuroprotective drugs, has no side effects like Piracetam, etc.  (agitation, insomnia, etc.) - so Phenibutum very popular. Adding it to  the treatment regimen of mental disorders significantly reduces the dose  of antipsychotic drugs, biological supplements and other medicines, and  thus eliminates the side effects Phenibutum "heavy drugs". A unique  product that has no analogues in the world. And the fact that many  doctors do not know how to use it properly, and drug addicts sometimes  abuse them - it is clear how to grams peas. And even more clear  ignorance of many "Psychiatrists" in relation to Phenibut - they are, I  repeat, we must be able to use.  Phenibutum actually promotes  rejection of depression since the first dose. It helps to maintain  physical activity and overloads, Phenotropil is a littleall the same.  But ... in conditions of psychological stress preferred the latter.  Several noticeable mood-elevating effect of this nootropic that is not  always necessary. Overall, a very decent product - not expecting.  Introduction  into the molecule of the fatty GABA phenyl radical Phenibut converts it  into a preparation. This radical GABA easily penetrates into the brain  and has a strong inhibitory action (which is characteristic of this  acid).    GABA also exerts nootropic effect (it is mandatory participant in many metabolic processes in the brain).  **What do you think about course combination Phenibut and Pantogam (say Pantogam course lasts, and for 2-3 weeks joins Phenibut)?**  To  reduce the irritating effect on the mucous membrane of the digestive  tract Phenibut had to take gastrofarm, with a clear action Phenibut I  have not seen.  Before taking phenibut need a square meal, a good  anxiolytic, good support in stressful situations, but slows down  response time.  In general, I have absolutely no interest in the use of recreational [Phenibut](http://drdoping.com/shop/phenibut/)  not interested as to develop the use of ad hoc, most want to know is  about the use of foreign exchange, as I expressed astenik with a  combination of fatigue and at the same time quite strong generalized  anxiety.      I know a lot of stimulants, some of them tried Enerion  the same way, foreign exchange reception very nice reduces fatigue -  BUT! - My whip in the first place - the anxiety, uncertainty, stiffness,  severe vegetative reactions sometimes the most innocuous anxiogenic  stimuli (call the client at work, resolution of operational problems,  etc.) - vega rushing, by leaps and bounds: the pulse quickens 3 sekndy  and a half times, sweating, subjective sense of increasing blood  pressure.      I want it to get out of it completely. Symptom of a  watch for about 7 years (21 years for this day, 28 years), and watch it  in the steady development. Shoveled tons of material for nootropics,  tranquilizers, psychostimulants, etc. Many have tried, but their main  problem - the alarm and a monstrous reflection - to win can not. I  think, and fatigue grows from here.      He was engaged not only in  self, was the doctors. In addition to the procedures and the regime (by  the way, involved in athletics, I love warm baths, etc. - helps only  during the procedure, from start to finish: got out of the bath / jumped  off the treadmill - Symptoms go into growth again)    doctors prescribed: 1) Pantogam 2) Medazepam.       Medazepam tried (although he knew what the charm) - by itself, Tupelo,  and sexual life left in the realm of fantasy. Naturally, from the BDT he  refused. By the way, I tried Grandaxinum - about anything.       Pantogam begin to accept and finish, more than 3 months did not take any  time - yes, some effect is, again, starting with doses of 2g (8  tablets) per day, but more or less serious anxiogenic environment (and I  Manager active sales) effect is somewhere far away, faint background.  You  write that your main problem is "anxiety, uncertainty, stiffness,  monstrous reflection, and hence fatigue." So I do not see in this case,  the indications for admission nootropics. You yourself write that you  have tried many things, but the condition is getting worse, "a symptom  watch for about 7 years (21 years for this day, 28 years), and watch it  in the steady development." Therefore, it may make sense to discuss with  your doctor the inclusion in the scheme of treatment of antidepressants  and tranquilizers?  I took sertraline (Stimuloton) 200 mg / day.  Yes, the mood in general is increased, more energy - but! - Anxiety  remained still, fatigue, in principle, too. Thus, in general,  antidepressant influenced only general background mood. (NB Before  taking Sertraline Fluoxetine 2 months - went to Sertalin because of  sedation, which is produced in the fluoxetine me).      I would take  Sertraline further, but left (descended gradually decreasing doses of  "ladder") due to the negative effect of too, which he made on libido,  erection and sensitivity, up to anorgasmia. (By the way, occasionally (3  weeks) tried mono bupropion, yes, of course, in the sexual sphere it  acts only positive, but - crazy aggression, impulsivity, anxiety  generally passed into paranoia ....)      In general, empirically  observed that the most positive impact on the complex I have only  nootropics, but in different ways. Of course, Timo-analeptic effect of  sertraline is beyond competition.  What's to argue Phenibutum  popular among the people and is sold without a prescription. How to love  to joke with the reception thereof nootropic becoming give a damn :)  hence the root Phenibutum. But seriously Phenibutum suppresses anxiety,  relieves asthenia, energizing, acting a little Wegetotropona, enhances  the antidepressive effect in TCA - prices were not, would this  nootropics, but unlike Phenotropil - reduces attention and slows  reaction.  I take Phenibut for week, there is a strong effect, but I  just have not tried before. You can draw an analogy to its action of  bupropion, only changing the negative to the positive.      Bupropion is also based on phenyl-ethylamine structure (this is just for reference).      However, personally from bupropion I watched the monstrous aggression and destructive thinking.    From Phenibut - quite the opposite, I would call it a strong empathogen.       Phenibut acc. the law should be sold strictly on prescription. It  should be noted that for him now follow stricter than many other funds,  stricter than fluoxetine (eg., Profluzak). And I readily understand why,  because Profluzak (when I took it - the doctor wrote 1.5 years ago)  almost makes man God's dandelion. Then the action is much more difficult  Phenibut.      I for myself have now understood why the whole  attitude towards Nootropil skeptical - as compared to all other Phenibut  nootropics (and I have tried almost everything, trying to get out of  troubling asthenia) - compared to him they - vitamin C in the degree of  impact on the psyche.      Moreover, now I would recommend to treat  it much neater. Yes, positive, but very, very strange ... I do not know  what will happen, but it seems to me that the first time my personality  changes, and much more so than it has been in the treatment of other  nootropics, DB, antidepressants (fluoxetine and sertraline (at a time,  one had to change to another) - on doctor's advice).      I  currently find it difficult to give a general description of this  change. Of course, I notice a significant reduction asthenic effects  (weakness, fatigue), as well as anxiety, but I think it gives a certain  price, though, I repeat, I can not say for sure, strategically change  negative or positive.      I can only assure you that the anti-social effects, drug aggression is not exactly in this respect it is safe.       But the fact that it is often prescribed to children ... I was puzzled  and confused now that I feel in myself these changes. I would not  recommend prescribed the drug during the formation of the central  nervous system.      But the fact that the drug is definitely  powerful, I can confirm (based on my extensive experience in the  treatment of a placebo effect can not be considered - not only admit to  the second reception at the beginning of the course I felt no small  skepticism with regard to the drug - of course , expected effect, but  suggested that it would be slender like Pantogam).  [http://drdoping.com/blog/phenibut-discussion-part-2](http://drdoping.com/blog/phenibut-discussion-part-2)
8zcf8d,653,662,ADR,agitation,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Phenibut Discussion. Part-2 **Phenibut** same - it's a very, very unique product,  often repeat, is a good substitute - an alternative to supplements,  because its tranquilizing properties are quite within 1500-2000mg / day,  but there is no side effects, and memory indicators of intelligence in  general only improve. If addicts have nothing to take, they OCCASIONALLY  Phenibut abuse, which, of course, at high doses, leads to the formation  of dependence is very mild. Often it is not required to facilitate  specific drug withdrawal. Phenibut, I repeat again, it is one of the few  neuroprotective drugs, has no side effects like Piracetam, etc.  (agitation, insomnia, etc.) - so Phenibutum very popular. Adding it to  the treatment regimen of mental disorders significantly reduces the dose  of antipsychotic drugs, biological supplements and other medicines, and  thus eliminates the side effects Phenibutum "heavy drugs". A unique  product that has no analogues in the world. And the fact that many  doctors do not know how to use it properly, and drug addicts sometimes  abuse them - it is clear how to grams peas. And even more clear  ignorance of many "Psychiatrists" in relation to Phenibut - they are, I  repeat, we must be able to use.  Phenibutum actually promotes  rejection of depression since the first dose. It helps to maintain  physical activity and overloads, Phenotropil is a littleall the same.  But ... in conditions of psychological stress preferred the latter.  Several noticeable mood-elevating effect of this nootropic that is not  always necessary. Overall, a very decent product - not expecting.  Introduction  into the molecule of the fatty GABA phenyl radical Phenibut converts it  into a preparation. This radical GABA easily penetrates into the brain  and has a strong inhibitory action (which is characteristic of this  acid).    GABA also exerts nootropic effect (it is mandatory participant in many metabolic processes in the brain).  **What do you think about course combination Phenibut and Pantogam (say Pantogam course lasts, and for 2-3 weeks joins Phenibut)?**  To  reduce the irritating effect on the mucous membrane of the digestive  tract Phenibut had to take gastrofarm, with a clear action Phenibut I  have not seen.  Before taking phenibut need a square meal, a good  anxiolytic, good support in stressful situations, but slows down  response time.  In general, I have absolutely no interest in the use of recreational [Phenibut](http://drdoping.com/shop/phenibut/)  not interested as to develop the use of ad hoc, most want to know is  about the use of foreign exchange, as I expressed astenik with a  combination of fatigue and at the same time quite strong generalized  anxiety.      I know a lot of stimulants, some of them tried Enerion  the same way, foreign exchange reception very nice reduces fatigue -  BUT! - My whip in the first place - the anxiety, uncertainty, stiffness,  severe vegetative reactions sometimes the most innocuous anxiogenic  stimuli (call the client at work, resolution of operational problems,  etc.) - vega rushing, by leaps and bounds: the pulse quickens 3 sekndy  and a half times, sweating, subjective sense of increasing blood  pressure.      I want it to get out of it completely. Symptom of a  watch for about 7 years (21 years for this day, 28 years), and watch it  in the steady development. Shoveled tons of material for nootropics,  tranquilizers, psychostimulants, etc. Many have tried, but their main  problem - the alarm and a monstrous reflection - to win can not. I  think, and fatigue grows from here.      He was engaged not only in  self, was the doctors. In addition to the procedures and the regime (by  the way, involved in athletics, I love warm baths, etc. - helps only  during the procedure, from start to finish: got out of the bath / jumped  off the treadmill - Symptoms go into growth again)    doctors prescribed: 1) Pantogam 2) Medazepam.       Medazepam tried (although he knew what the charm) - by itself, Tupelo,  and sexual life left in the realm of fantasy. Naturally, from the BDT he  refused. By the way, I tried Grandaxinum - about anything.       Pantogam begin to accept and finish, more than 3 months did not take any  time - yes, some effect is, again, starting with doses of 2g (8  tablets) per day, but more or less serious anxiogenic environment (and I  Manager active sales) effect is somewhere far away, faint background.  You  write that your main problem is "anxiety, uncertainty, stiffness,  monstrous reflection, and hence fatigue." So I do not see in this case,  the indications for admission nootropics. You yourself write that you  have tried many things, but the condition is getting worse, "a symptom  watch for about 7 years (21 years for this day, 28 years), and watch it  in the steady development." Therefore, it may make sense to discuss with  your doctor the inclusion in the scheme of treatment of antidepressants  and tranquilizers?  I took sertraline (Stimuloton) 200 mg / day.  Yes, the mood in general is increased, more energy - but! - Anxiety  remained still, fatigue, in principle, too. Thus, in general,  antidepressant influenced only general background mood. (NB Before  taking Sertraline Fluoxetine 2 months - went to Sertalin because of  sedation, which is produced in the fluoxetine me).      I would take  Sertraline further, but left (descended gradually decreasing doses of  "ladder") due to the negative effect of too, which he made on libido,  erection and sensitivity, up to anorgasmia. (By the way, occasionally (3  weeks) tried mono bupropion, yes, of course, in the sexual sphere it  acts only positive, but - crazy aggression, impulsivity, anxiety  generally passed into paranoia ....)      In general, empirically  observed that the most positive impact on the complex I have only  nootropics, but in different ways. Of course, Timo-analeptic effect of  sertraline is beyond competition.  What's to argue Phenibutum  popular among the people and is sold without a prescription. How to love  to joke with the reception thereof nootropic becoming give a damn :)  hence the root Phenibutum. But seriously Phenibutum suppresses anxiety,  relieves asthenia, energizing, acting a little Wegetotropona, enhances  the antidepressive effect in TCA - prices were not, would this  nootropics, but unlike Phenotropil - reduces attention and slows  reaction.  I take Phenibut for week, there is a strong effect, but I  just have not tried before. You can draw an analogy to its action of  bupropion, only changing the negative to the positive.      Bupropion is also based on phenyl-ethylamine structure (this is just for reference).      However, personally from bupropion I watched the monstrous aggression and destructive thinking.    From Phenibut - quite the opposite, I would call it a strong empathogen.       Phenibut acc. the law should be sold strictly on prescription. It  should be noted that for him now follow stricter than many other funds,  stricter than fluoxetine (eg., Profluzak). And I readily understand why,  because Profluzak (when I took it - the doctor wrote 1.5 years ago)  almost makes man God's dandelion. Then the action is much more difficult  Phenibut.      I for myself have now understood why the whole  attitude towards Nootropil skeptical - as compared to all other Phenibut  nootropics (and I have tried almost everything, trying to get out of  troubling asthenia) - compared to him they - vitamin C in the degree of  impact on the psyche.      Moreover, now I would recommend to treat  it much neater. Yes, positive, but very, very strange ... I do not know  what will happen, but it seems to me that the first time my personality  changes, and much more so than it has been in the treatment of other  nootropics, DB, antidepressants (fluoxetine and sertraline (at a time,  one had to change to another) - on doctor's advice).      I  currently find it difficult to give a general description of this  change. Of course, I notice a significant reduction asthenic effects  (weakness, fatigue), as well as anxiety, but I think it gives a certain  price, though, I repeat, I can not say for sure, strategically change  negative or positive.      I can only assure you that the anti-social effects, drug aggression is not exactly in this respect it is safe.       But the fact that it is often prescribed to children ... I was puzzled  and confused now that I feel in myself these changes. I would not  recommend prescribed the drug during the formation of the central  nervous system.      But the fact that the drug is definitely  powerful, I can confirm (based on my extensive experience in the  treatment of a placebo effect can not be considered - not only admit to  the second reception at the beginning of the course I felt no small  skepticism with regard to the drug - of course , expected effect, but  suggested that it would be slender like Pantogam).  [http://drdoping.com/blog/phenibut-discussion-part-2](http://drdoping.com/blog/phenibut-discussion-part-2)
8zcf8d,664,672,ADR,insomnia,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Phenibut Discussion. Part-2 **Phenibut** same - it's a very, very unique product,  often repeat, is a good substitute - an alternative to supplements,  because its tranquilizing properties are quite within 1500-2000mg / day,  but there is no side effects, and memory indicators of intelligence in  general only improve. If addicts have nothing to take, they OCCASIONALLY  Phenibut abuse, which, of course, at high doses, leads to the formation  of dependence is very mild. Often it is not required to facilitate  specific drug withdrawal. Phenibut, I repeat again, it is one of the few  neuroprotective drugs, has no side effects like Piracetam, etc.  (agitation, insomnia, etc.) - so Phenibutum very popular. Adding it to  the treatment regimen of mental disorders significantly reduces the dose  of antipsychotic drugs, biological supplements and other medicines, and  thus eliminates the side effects Phenibutum "heavy drugs". A unique  product that has no analogues in the world. And the fact that many  doctors do not know how to use it properly, and drug addicts sometimes  abuse them - it is clear how to grams peas. And even more clear  ignorance of many "Psychiatrists" in relation to Phenibut - they are, I  repeat, we must be able to use.  Phenibutum actually promotes  rejection of depression since the first dose. It helps to maintain  physical activity and overloads, Phenotropil is a littleall the same.  But ... in conditions of psychological stress preferred the latter.  Several noticeable mood-elevating effect of this nootropic that is not  always necessary. Overall, a very decent product - not expecting.  Introduction  into the molecule of the fatty GABA phenyl radical Phenibut converts it  into a preparation. This radical GABA easily penetrates into the brain  and has a strong inhibitory action (which is characteristic of this  acid).    GABA also exerts nootropic effect (it is mandatory participant in many metabolic processes in the brain).  **What do you think about course combination Phenibut and Pantogam (say Pantogam course lasts, and for 2-3 weeks joins Phenibut)?**  To  reduce the irritating effect on the mucous membrane of the digestive  tract Phenibut had to take gastrofarm, with a clear action Phenibut I  have not seen.  Before taking phenibut need a square meal, a good  anxiolytic, good support in stressful situations, but slows down  response time.  In general, I have absolutely no interest in the use of recreational [Phenibut](http://drdoping.com/shop/phenibut/)  not interested as to develop the use of ad hoc, most want to know is  about the use of foreign exchange, as I expressed astenik with a  combination of fatigue and at the same time quite strong generalized  anxiety.      I know a lot of stimulants, some of them tried Enerion  the same way, foreign exchange reception very nice reduces fatigue -  BUT! - My whip in the first place - the anxiety, uncertainty, stiffness,  severe vegetative reactions sometimes the most innocuous anxiogenic  stimuli (call the client at work, resolution of operational problems,  etc.) - vega rushing, by leaps and bounds: the pulse quickens 3 sekndy  and a half times, sweating, subjective sense of increasing blood  pressure.      I want it to get out of it completely. Symptom of a  watch for about 7 years (21 years for this day, 28 years), and watch it  in the steady development. Shoveled tons of material for nootropics,  tranquilizers, psychostimulants, etc. Many have tried, but their main  problem - the alarm and a monstrous reflection - to win can not. I  think, and fatigue grows from here.      He was engaged not only in  self, was the doctors. In addition to the procedures and the regime (by  the way, involved in athletics, I love warm baths, etc. - helps only  during the procedure, from start to finish: got out of the bath / jumped  off the treadmill - Symptoms go into growth again)    doctors prescribed: 1) Pantogam 2) Medazepam.       Medazepam tried (although he knew what the charm) - by itself, Tupelo,  and sexual life left in the realm of fantasy. Naturally, from the BDT he  refused. By the way, I tried Grandaxinum - about anything.       Pantogam begin to accept and finish, more than 3 months did not take any  time - yes, some effect is, again, starting with doses of 2g (8  tablets) per day, but more or less serious anxiogenic environment (and I  Manager active sales) effect is somewhere far away, faint background.  You  write that your main problem is "anxiety, uncertainty, stiffness,  monstrous reflection, and hence fatigue." So I do not see in this case,  the indications for admission nootropics. You yourself write that you  have tried many things, but the condition is getting worse, "a symptom  watch for about 7 years (21 years for this day, 28 years), and watch it  in the steady development." Therefore, it may make sense to discuss with  your doctor the inclusion in the scheme of treatment of antidepressants  and tranquilizers?  I took sertraline (Stimuloton) 200 mg / day.  Yes, the mood in general is increased, more energy - but! - Anxiety  remained still, fatigue, in principle, too. Thus, in general,  antidepressant influenced only general background mood. (NB Before  taking Sertraline Fluoxetine 2 months - went to Sertalin because of  sedation, which is produced in the fluoxetine me).      I would take  Sertraline further, but left (descended gradually decreasing doses of  "ladder") due to the negative effect of too, which he made on libido,  erection and sensitivity, up to anorgasmia. (By the way, occasionally (3  weeks) tried mono bupropion, yes, of course, in the sexual sphere it  acts only positive, but - crazy aggression, impulsivity, anxiety  generally passed into paranoia ....)      In general, empirically  observed that the most positive impact on the complex I have only  nootropics, but in different ways. Of course, Timo-analeptic effect of  sertraline is beyond competition.  What's to argue Phenibutum  popular among the people and is sold without a prescription. How to love  to joke with the reception thereof nootropic becoming give a damn :)  hence the root Phenibutum. But seriously Phenibutum suppresses anxiety,  relieves asthenia, energizing, acting a little Wegetotropona, enhances  the antidepressive effect in TCA - prices were not, would this  nootropics, but unlike Phenotropil - reduces attention and slows  reaction.  I take Phenibut for week, there is a strong effect, but I  just have not tried before. You can draw an analogy to its action of  bupropion, only changing the negative to the positive.      Bupropion is also based on phenyl-ethylamine structure (this is just for reference).      However, personally from bupropion I watched the monstrous aggression and destructive thinking.    From Phenibut - quite the opposite, I would call it a strong empathogen.       Phenibut acc. the law should be sold strictly on prescription. It  should be noted that for him now follow stricter than many other funds,  stricter than fluoxetine (eg., Profluzak). And I readily understand why,  because Profluzak (when I took it - the doctor wrote 1.5 years ago)  almost makes man God's dandelion. Then the action is much more difficult  Phenibut.      I for myself have now understood why the whole  attitude towards Nootropil skeptical - as compared to all other Phenibut  nootropics (and I have tried almost everything, trying to get out of  troubling asthenia) - compared to him they - vitamin C in the degree of  impact on the psyche.      Moreover, now I would recommend to treat  it much neater. Yes, positive, but very, very strange ... I do not know  what will happen, but it seems to me that the first time my personality  changes, and much more so than it has been in the treatment of other  nootropics, DB, antidepressants (fluoxetine and sertraline (at a time,  one had to change to another) - on doctor's advice).      I  currently find it difficult to give a general description of this  change. Of course, I notice a significant reduction asthenic effects  (weakness, fatigue), as well as anxiety, but I think it gives a certain  price, though, I repeat, I can not say for sure, strategically change  negative or positive.      I can only assure you that the anti-social effects, drug aggression is not exactly in this respect it is safe.       But the fact that it is often prescribed to children ... I was puzzled  and confused now that I feel in myself these changes. I would not  recommend prescribed the drug during the formation of the central  nervous system.      But the fact that the drug is definitely  powerful, I can confirm (based on my extensive experience in the  treatment of a placebo effect can not be considered - not only admit to  the second reception at the beginning of the course I felt no small  skepticism with regard to the drug - of course , expected effect, but  suggested that it would be slender like Pantogam).  [http://drdoping.com/blog/phenibut-discussion-part-2](http://drdoping.com/blog/phenibut-discussion-part-2)
8zcf8d,2121,2131,ADR,irritating,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Phenibut Discussion. Part-2 **Phenibut** same - it's a very, very unique product,  often repeat, is a good substitute - an alternative to supplements,  because its tranquilizing properties are quite within 1500-2000mg / day,  but there is no side effects, and memory indicators of intelligence in  general only improve. If addicts have nothing to take, they OCCASIONALLY  Phenibut abuse, which, of course, at high doses, leads to the formation  of dependence is very mild. Often it is not required to facilitate  specific drug withdrawal. Phenibut, I repeat again, it is one of the few  neuroprotective drugs, has no side effects like Piracetam, etc.  (agitation, insomnia, etc.) - so Phenibutum very popular. Adding it to  the treatment regimen of mental disorders significantly reduces the dose  of antipsychotic drugs, biological supplements and other medicines, and  thus eliminates the side effects Phenibutum "heavy drugs". A unique  product that has no analogues in the world. And the fact that many  doctors do not know how to use it properly, and drug addicts sometimes  abuse them - it is clear how to grams peas. And even more clear  ignorance of many "Psychiatrists" in relation to Phenibut - they are, I  repeat, we must be able to use.  Phenibutum actually promotes  rejection of depression since the first dose. It helps to maintain  physical activity and overloads, Phenotropil is a littleall the same.  But ... in conditions of psychological stress preferred the latter.  Several noticeable mood-elevating effect of this nootropic that is not  always necessary. Overall, a very decent product - not expecting.  Introduction  into the molecule of the fatty GABA phenyl radical Phenibut converts it  into a preparation. This radical GABA easily penetrates into the brain  and has a strong inhibitory action (which is characteristic of this  acid).    GABA also exerts nootropic effect (it is mandatory participant in many metabolic processes in the brain).  **What do you think about course combination Phenibut and Pantogam (say Pantogam course lasts, and for 2-3 weeks joins Phenibut)?**  To  reduce the irritating effect on the mucous membrane of the digestive  tract Phenibut had to take gastrofarm, with a clear action Phenibut I  have not seen.  Before taking phenibut need a square meal, a good  anxiolytic, good support in stressful situations, but slows down  response time.  In general, I have absolutely no interest in the use of recreational [Phenibut](http://drdoping.com/shop/phenibut/)  not interested as to develop the use of ad hoc, most want to know is  about the use of foreign exchange, as I expressed astenik with a  combination of fatigue and at the same time quite strong generalized  anxiety.      I know a lot of stimulants, some of them tried Enerion  the same way, foreign exchange reception very nice reduces fatigue -  BUT! - My whip in the first place - the anxiety, uncertainty, stiffness,  severe vegetative reactions sometimes the most innocuous anxiogenic  stimuli (call the client at work, resolution of operational problems,  etc.) - vega rushing, by leaps and bounds: the pulse quickens 3 sekndy  and a half times, sweating, subjective sense of increasing blood  pressure.      I want it to get out of it completely. Symptom of a  watch for about 7 years (21 years for this day, 28 years), and watch it  in the steady development. Shoveled tons of material for nootropics,  tranquilizers, psychostimulants, etc. Many have tried, but their main  problem - the alarm and a monstrous reflection - to win can not. I  think, and fatigue grows from here.      He was engaged not only in  self, was the doctors. In addition to the procedures and the regime (by  the way, involved in athletics, I love warm baths, etc. - helps only  during the procedure, from start to finish: got out of the bath / jumped  off the treadmill - Symptoms go into growth again)    doctors prescribed: 1) Pantogam 2) Medazepam.       Medazepam tried (although he knew what the charm) - by itself, Tupelo,  and sexual life left in the realm of fantasy. Naturally, from the BDT he  refused. By the way, I tried Grandaxinum - about anything.       Pantogam begin to accept and finish, more than 3 months did not take any  time - yes, some effect is, again, starting with doses of 2g (8  tablets) per day, but more or less serious anxiogenic environment (and I  Manager active sales) effect is somewhere far away, faint background.  You  write that your main problem is "anxiety, uncertainty, stiffness,  monstrous reflection, and hence fatigue." So I do not see in this case,  the indications for admission nootropics. You yourself write that you  have tried many things, but the condition is getting worse, "a symptom  watch for about 7 years (21 years for this day, 28 years), and watch it  in the steady development." Therefore, it may make sense to discuss with  your doctor the inclusion in the scheme of treatment of antidepressants  and tranquilizers?  I took sertraline (Stimuloton) 200 mg / day.  Yes, the mood in general is increased, more energy - but! - Anxiety  remained still, fatigue, in principle, too. Thus, in general,  antidepressant influenced only general background mood. (NB Before  taking Sertraline Fluoxetine 2 months - went to Sertalin because of  sedation, which is produced in the fluoxetine me).      I would take  Sertraline further, but left (descended gradually decreasing doses of  "ladder") due to the negative effect of too, which he made on libido,  erection and sensitivity, up to anorgasmia. (By the way, occasionally (3  weeks) tried mono bupropion, yes, of course, in the sexual sphere it  acts only positive, but - crazy aggression, impulsivity, anxiety  generally passed into paranoia ....)      In general, empirically  observed that the most positive impact on the complex I have only  nootropics, but in different ways. Of course, Timo-analeptic effect of  sertraline is beyond competition.  What's to argue Phenibutum  popular among the people and is sold without a prescription. How to love  to joke with the reception thereof nootropic becoming give a damn :)  hence the root Phenibutum. But seriously Phenibutum suppresses anxiety,  relieves asthenia, energizing, acting a little Wegetotropona, enhances  the antidepressive effect in TCA - prices were not, would this  nootropics, but unlike Phenotropil - reduces attention and slows  reaction.  I take Phenibut for week, there is a strong effect, but I  just have not tried before. You can draw an analogy to its action of  bupropion, only changing the negative to the positive.      Bupropion is also based on phenyl-ethylamine structure (this is just for reference).      However, personally from bupropion I watched the monstrous aggression and destructive thinking.    From Phenibut - quite the opposite, I would call it a strong empathogen.       Phenibut acc. the law should be sold strictly on prescription. It  should be noted that for him now follow stricter than many other funds,  stricter than fluoxetine (eg., Profluzak). And I readily understand why,  because Profluzak (when I took it - the doctor wrote 1.5 years ago)  almost makes man God's dandelion. Then the action is much more difficult  Phenibut.      I for myself have now understood why the whole  attitude towards Nootropil skeptical - as compared to all other Phenibut  nootropics (and I have tried almost everything, trying to get out of  troubling asthenia) - compared to him they - vitamin C in the degree of  impact on the psyche.      Moreover, now I would recommend to treat  it much neater. Yes, positive, but very, very strange ... I do not know  what will happen, but it seems to me that the first time my personality  changes, and much more so than it has been in the treatment of other  nootropics, DB, antidepressants (fluoxetine and sertraline (at a time,  one had to change to another) - on doctor's advice).      I  currently find it difficult to give a general description of this  change. Of course, I notice a significant reduction asthenic effects  (weakness, fatigue), as well as anxiety, but I think it gives a certain  price, though, I repeat, I can not say for sure, strategically change  negative or positive.      I can only assure you that the anti-social effects, drug aggression is not exactly in this respect it is safe.       But the fact that it is often prescribed to children ... I was puzzled  and confused now that I feel in myself these changes. I would not  recommend prescribed the drug during the formation of the central  nervous system.      But the fact that the drug is definitely  powerful, I can confirm (based on my extensive experience in the  treatment of a placebo effect can not be considered - not only admit to  the second reception at the beginning of the course I felt no small  skepticism with regard to the drug - of course , expected effect, but  suggested that it would be slender like Pantogam).  [http://drdoping.com/blog/phenibut-discussion-part-2](http://drdoping.com/blog/phenibut-discussion-part-2)
8zcf8d,2903,2911,ADR,anxiety,,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Phenibut Discussion. Part-2 **Phenibut** same - it's a very, very unique product,  often repeat, is a good substitute - an alternative to supplements,  because its tranquilizing properties are quite within 1500-2000mg / day,  but there is no side effects, and memory indicators of intelligence in  general only improve. If addicts have nothing to take, they OCCASIONALLY  Phenibut abuse, which, of course, at high doses, leads to the formation  of dependence is very mild. Often it is not required to facilitate  specific drug withdrawal. Phenibut, I repeat again, it is one of the few  neuroprotective drugs, has no side effects like Piracetam, etc.  (agitation, insomnia, etc.) - so Phenibutum very popular. Adding it to  the treatment regimen of mental disorders significantly reduces the dose  of antipsychotic drugs, biological supplements and other medicines, and  thus eliminates the side effects Phenibutum "heavy drugs". A unique  product that has no analogues in the world. And the fact that many  doctors do not know how to use it properly, and drug addicts sometimes  abuse them - it is clear how to grams peas. And even more clear  ignorance of many "Psychiatrists" in relation to Phenibut - they are, I  repeat, we must be able to use.  Phenibutum actually promotes  rejection of depression since the first dose. It helps to maintain  physical activity and overloads, Phenotropil is a littleall the same.  But ... in conditions of psychological stress preferred the latter.  Several noticeable mood-elevating effect of this nootropic that is not  always necessary. Overall, a very decent product - not expecting.  Introduction  into the molecule of the fatty GABA phenyl radical Phenibut converts it  into a preparation. This radical GABA easily penetrates into the brain  and has a strong inhibitory action (which is characteristic of this  acid).    GABA also exerts nootropic effect (it is mandatory participant in many metabolic processes in the brain).  **What do you think about course combination Phenibut and Pantogam (say Pantogam course lasts, and for 2-3 weeks joins Phenibut)?**  To  reduce the irritating effect on the mucous membrane of the digestive  tract Phenibut had to take gastrofarm, with a clear action Phenibut I  have not seen.  Before taking phenibut need a square meal, a good  anxiolytic, good support in stressful situations, but slows down  response time.  In general, I have absolutely no interest in the use of recreational [Phenibut](http://drdoping.com/shop/phenibut/)  not interested as to develop the use of ad hoc, most want to know is  about the use of foreign exchange, as I expressed astenik with a  combination of fatigue and at the same time quite strong generalized  anxiety.      I know a lot of stimulants, some of them tried Enerion  the same way, foreign exchange reception very nice reduces fatigue -  BUT! - My whip in the first place - the anxiety, uncertainty, stiffness,  severe vegetative reactions sometimes the most innocuous anxiogenic  stimuli (call the client at work, resolution of operational problems,  etc.) - vega rushing, by leaps and bounds: the pulse quickens 3 sekndy  and a half times, sweating, subjective sense of increasing blood  pressure.      I want it to get out of it completely. Symptom of a  watch for about 7 years (21 years for this day, 28 years), and watch it  in the steady development. Shoveled tons of material for nootropics,  tranquilizers, psychostimulants, etc. Many have tried, but their main  problem - the alarm and a monstrous reflection - to win can not. I  think, and fatigue grows from here.      He was engaged not only in  self, was the doctors. In addition to the procedures and the regime (by  the way, involved in athletics, I love warm baths, etc. - helps only  during the procedure, from start to finish: got out of the bath / jumped  off the treadmill - Symptoms go into growth again)    doctors prescribed: 1) Pantogam 2) Medazepam.       Medazepam tried (although he knew what the charm) - by itself, Tupelo,  and sexual life left in the realm of fantasy. Naturally, from the BDT he  refused. By the way, I tried Grandaxinum - about anything.       Pantogam begin to accept and finish, more than 3 months did not take any  time - yes, some effect is, again, starting with doses of 2g (8  tablets) per day, but more or less serious anxiogenic environment (and I  Manager active sales) effect is somewhere far away, faint background.  You  write that your main problem is "anxiety, uncertainty, stiffness,  monstrous reflection, and hence fatigue." So I do not see in this case,  the indications for admission nootropics. You yourself write that you  have tried many things, but the condition is getting worse, "a symptom  watch for about 7 years (21 years for this day, 28 years), and watch it  in the steady development." Therefore, it may make sense to discuss with  your doctor the inclusion in the scheme of treatment of antidepressants  and tranquilizers?  I took sertraline (Stimuloton) 200 mg / day.  Yes, the mood in general is increased, more energy - but! - Anxiety  remained still, fatigue, in principle, too. Thus, in general,  antidepressant influenced only general background mood. (NB Before  taking Sertraline Fluoxetine 2 months - went to Sertalin because of  sedation, which is produced in the fluoxetine me).      I would take  Sertraline further, but left (descended gradually decreasing doses of  "ladder") due to the negative effect of too, which he made on libido,  erection and sensitivity, up to anorgasmia. (By the way, occasionally (3  weeks) tried mono bupropion, yes, of course, in the sexual sphere it  acts only positive, but - crazy aggression, impulsivity, anxiety  generally passed into paranoia ....)      In general, empirically  observed that the most positive impact on the complex I have only  nootropics, but in different ways. Of course, Timo-analeptic effect of  sertraline is beyond competition.  What's to argue Phenibutum  popular among the people and is sold without a prescription. How to love  to joke with the reception thereof nootropic becoming give a damn :)  hence the root Phenibutum. But seriously Phenibutum suppresses anxiety,  relieves asthenia, energizing, acting a little Wegetotropona, enhances  the antidepressive effect in TCA - prices were not, would this  nootropics, but unlike Phenotropil - reduces attention and slows  reaction.  I take Phenibut for week, there is a strong effect, but I  just have not tried before. You can draw an analogy to its action of  bupropion, only changing the negative to the positive.      Bupropion is also based on phenyl-ethylamine structure (this is just for reference).      However, personally from bupropion I watched the monstrous aggression and destructive thinking.    From Phenibut - quite the opposite, I would call it a strong empathogen.       Phenibut acc. the law should be sold strictly on prescription. It  should be noted that for him now follow stricter than many other funds,  stricter than fluoxetine (eg., Profluzak). And I readily understand why,  because Profluzak (when I took it - the doctor wrote 1.5 years ago)  almost makes man God's dandelion. Then the action is much more difficult  Phenibut.      I for myself have now understood why the whole  attitude towards Nootropil skeptical - as compared to all other Phenibut  nootropics (and I have tried almost everything, trying to get out of  troubling asthenia) - compared to him they - vitamin C in the degree of  impact on the psyche.      Moreover, now I would recommend to treat  it much neater. Yes, positive, but very, very strange ... I do not know  what will happen, but it seems to me that the first time my personality  changes, and much more so than it has been in the treatment of other  nootropics, DB, antidepressants (fluoxetine and sertraline (at a time,  one had to change to another) - on doctor's advice).      I  currently find it difficult to give a general description of this  change. Of course, I notice a significant reduction asthenic effects  (weakness, fatigue), as well as anxiety, but I think it gives a certain  price, though, I repeat, I can not say for sure, strategically change  negative or positive.      I can only assure you that the anti-social effects, drug aggression is not exactly in this respect it is safe.       But the fact that it is often prescribed to children ... I was puzzled  and confused now that I feel in myself these changes. I would not  recommend prescribed the drug during the formation of the central  nervous system.      But the fact that the drug is definitely  powerful, I can confirm (based on my extensive experience in the  treatment of a placebo effect can not be considered - not only admit to  the second reception at the beginning of the course I felt no small  skepticism with regard to the drug - of course , expected effect, but  suggested that it would be slender like Pantogam).  [http://drdoping.com/blog/phenibut-discussion-part-2](http://drdoping.com/blog/phenibut-discussion-part-2)
8zcf8d,2925,2934,ADR,stiffness,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Phenibut Discussion. Part-2 **Phenibut** same - it's a very, very unique product,  often repeat, is a good substitute - an alternative to supplements,  because its tranquilizing properties are quite within 1500-2000mg / day,  but there is no side effects, and memory indicators of intelligence in  general only improve. If addicts have nothing to take, they OCCASIONALLY  Phenibut abuse, which, of course, at high doses, leads to the formation  of dependence is very mild. Often it is not required to facilitate  specific drug withdrawal. Phenibut, I repeat again, it is one of the few  neuroprotective drugs, has no side effects like Piracetam, etc.  (agitation, insomnia, etc.) - so Phenibutum very popular. Adding it to  the treatment regimen of mental disorders significantly reduces the dose  of antipsychotic drugs, biological supplements and other medicines, and  thus eliminates the side effects Phenibutum "heavy drugs". A unique  product that has no analogues in the world. And the fact that many  doctors do not know how to use it properly, and drug addicts sometimes  abuse them - it is clear how to grams peas. And even more clear  ignorance of many "Psychiatrists" in relation to Phenibut - they are, I  repeat, we must be able to use.  Phenibutum actually promotes  rejection of depression since the first dose. It helps to maintain  physical activity and overloads, Phenotropil is a littleall the same.  But ... in conditions of psychological stress preferred the latter.  Several noticeable mood-elevating effect of this nootropic that is not  always necessary. Overall, a very decent product - not expecting.  Introduction  into the molecule of the fatty GABA phenyl radical Phenibut converts it  into a preparation. This radical GABA easily penetrates into the brain  and has a strong inhibitory action (which is characteristic of this  acid).    GABA also exerts nootropic effect (it is mandatory participant in many metabolic processes in the brain).  **What do you think about course combination Phenibut and Pantogam (say Pantogam course lasts, and for 2-3 weeks joins Phenibut)?**  To  reduce the irritating effect on the mucous membrane of the digestive  tract Phenibut had to take gastrofarm, with a clear action Phenibut I  have not seen.  Before taking phenibut need a square meal, a good  anxiolytic, good support in stressful situations, but slows down  response time.  In general, I have absolutely no interest in the use of recreational [Phenibut](http://drdoping.com/shop/phenibut/)  not interested as to develop the use of ad hoc, most want to know is  about the use of foreign exchange, as I expressed astenik with a  combination of fatigue and at the same time quite strong generalized  anxiety.      I know a lot of stimulants, some of them tried Enerion  the same way, foreign exchange reception very nice reduces fatigue -  BUT! - My whip in the first place - the anxiety, uncertainty, stiffness,  severe vegetative reactions sometimes the most innocuous anxiogenic  stimuli (call the client at work, resolution of operational problems,  etc.) - vega rushing, by leaps and bounds: the pulse quickens 3 sekndy  and a half times, sweating, subjective sense of increasing blood  pressure.      I want it to get out of it completely. Symptom of a  watch for about 7 years (21 years for this day, 28 years), and watch it  in the steady development. Shoveled tons of material for nootropics,  tranquilizers, psychostimulants, etc. Many have tried, but their main  problem - the alarm and a monstrous reflection - to win can not. I  think, and fatigue grows from here.      He was engaged not only in  self, was the doctors. In addition to the procedures and the regime (by  the way, involved in athletics, I love warm baths, etc. - helps only  during the procedure, from start to finish: got out of the bath / jumped  off the treadmill - Symptoms go into growth again)    doctors prescribed: 1) Pantogam 2) Medazepam.       Medazepam tried (although he knew what the charm) - by itself, Tupelo,  and sexual life left in the realm of fantasy. Naturally, from the BDT he  refused. By the way, I tried Grandaxinum - about anything.       Pantogam begin to accept and finish, more than 3 months did not take any  time - yes, some effect is, again, starting with doses of 2g (8  tablets) per day, but more or less serious anxiogenic environment (and I  Manager active sales) effect is somewhere far away, faint background.  You  write that your main problem is "anxiety, uncertainty, stiffness,  monstrous reflection, and hence fatigue." So I do not see in this case,  the indications for admission nootropics. You yourself write that you  have tried many things, but the condition is getting worse, "a symptom  watch for about 7 years (21 years for this day, 28 years), and watch it  in the steady development." Therefore, it may make sense to discuss with  your doctor the inclusion in the scheme of treatment of antidepressants  and tranquilizers?  I took sertraline (Stimuloton) 200 mg / day.  Yes, the mood in general is increased, more energy - but! - Anxiety  remained still, fatigue, in principle, too. Thus, in general,  antidepressant influenced only general background mood. (NB Before  taking Sertraline Fluoxetine 2 months - went to Sertalin because of  sedation, which is produced in the fluoxetine me).      I would take  Sertraline further, but left (descended gradually decreasing doses of  "ladder") due to the negative effect of too, which he made on libido,  erection and sensitivity, up to anorgasmia. (By the way, occasionally (3  weeks) tried mono bupropion, yes, of course, in the sexual sphere it  acts only positive, but - crazy aggression, impulsivity, anxiety  generally passed into paranoia ....)      In general, empirically  observed that the most positive impact on the complex I have only  nootropics, but in different ways. Of course, Timo-analeptic effect of  sertraline is beyond competition.  What's to argue Phenibutum  popular among the people and is sold without a prescription. How to love  to joke with the reception thereof nootropic becoming give a damn :)  hence the root Phenibutum. But seriously Phenibutum suppresses anxiety,  relieves asthenia, energizing, acting a little Wegetotropona, enhances  the antidepressive effect in TCA - prices were not, would this  nootropics, but unlike Phenotropil - reduces attention and slows  reaction.  I take Phenibut for week, there is a strong effect, but I  just have not tried before. You can draw an analogy to its action of  bupropion, only changing the negative to the positive.      Bupropion is also based on phenyl-ethylamine structure (this is just for reference).      However, personally from bupropion I watched the monstrous aggression and destructive thinking.    From Phenibut - quite the opposite, I would call it a strong empathogen.       Phenibut acc. the law should be sold strictly on prescription. It  should be noted that for him now follow stricter than many other funds,  stricter than fluoxetine (eg., Profluzak). And I readily understand why,  because Profluzak (when I took it - the doctor wrote 1.5 years ago)  almost makes man God's dandelion. Then the action is much more difficult  Phenibut.      I for myself have now understood why the whole  attitude towards Nootropil skeptical - as compared to all other Phenibut  nootropics (and I have tried almost everything, trying to get out of  troubling asthenia) - compared to him they - vitamin C in the degree of  impact on the psyche.      Moreover, now I would recommend to treat  it much neater. Yes, positive, but very, very strange ... I do not know  what will happen, but it seems to me that the first time my personality  changes, and much more so than it has been in the treatment of other  nootropics, DB, antidepressants (fluoxetine and sertraline (at a time,  one had to change to another) - on doctor's advice).      I  currently find it difficult to give a general description of this  change. Of course, I notice a significant reduction asthenic effects  (weakness, fatigue), as well as anxiety, but I think it gives a certain  price, though, I repeat, I can not say for sure, strategically change  negative or positive.      I can only assure you that the anti-social effects, drug aggression is not exactly in this respect it is safe.       But the fact that it is often prescribed to children ... I was puzzled  and confused now that I feel in myself these changes. I would not  recommend prescribed the drug during the formation of the central  nervous system.      But the fact that the drug is definitely  powerful, I can confirm (based on my extensive experience in the  treatment of a placebo effect can not be considered - not only admit to  the second reception at the beginning of the course I felt no small  skepticism with regard to the drug - of course , expected effect, but  suggested that it would be slender like Pantogam).  [http://drdoping.com/blog/phenibut-discussion-part-2](http://drdoping.com/blog/phenibut-discussion-part-2)
8zcf8d,3167,3175,ADR,sweating,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Phenibut Discussion. Part-2 **Phenibut** same - it's a very, very unique product,  often repeat, is a good substitute - an alternative to supplements,  because its tranquilizing properties are quite within 1500-2000mg / day,  but there is no side effects, and memory indicators of intelligence in  general only improve. If addicts have nothing to take, they OCCASIONALLY  Phenibut abuse, which, of course, at high doses, leads to the formation  of dependence is very mild. Often it is not required to facilitate  specific drug withdrawal. Phenibut, I repeat again, it is one of the few  neuroprotective drugs, has no side effects like Piracetam, etc.  (agitation, insomnia, etc.) - so Phenibutum very popular. Adding it to  the treatment regimen of mental disorders significantly reduces the dose  of antipsychotic drugs, biological supplements and other medicines, and  thus eliminates the side effects Phenibutum "heavy drugs". A unique  product that has no analogues in the world. And the fact that many  doctors do not know how to use it properly, and drug addicts sometimes  abuse them - it is clear how to grams peas. And even more clear  ignorance of many "Psychiatrists" in relation to Phenibut - they are, I  repeat, we must be able to use.  Phenibutum actually promotes  rejection of depression since the first dose. It helps to maintain  physical activity and overloads, Phenotropil is a littleall the same.  But ... in conditions of psychological stress preferred the latter.  Several noticeable mood-elevating effect of this nootropic that is not  always necessary. Overall, a very decent product - not expecting.  Introduction  into the molecule of the fatty GABA phenyl radical Phenibut converts it  into a preparation. This radical GABA easily penetrates into the brain  and has a strong inhibitory action (which is characteristic of this  acid).    GABA also exerts nootropic effect (it is mandatory participant in many metabolic processes in the brain).  **What do you think about course combination Phenibut and Pantogam (say Pantogam course lasts, and for 2-3 weeks joins Phenibut)?**  To  reduce the irritating effect on the mucous membrane of the digestive  tract Phenibut had to take gastrofarm, with a clear action Phenibut I  have not seen.  Before taking phenibut need a square meal, a good  anxiolytic, good support in stressful situations, but slows down  response time.  In general, I have absolutely no interest in the use of recreational [Phenibut](http://drdoping.com/shop/phenibut/)  not interested as to develop the use of ad hoc, most want to know is  about the use of foreign exchange, as I expressed astenik with a  combination of fatigue and at the same time quite strong generalized  anxiety.      I know a lot of stimulants, some of them tried Enerion  the same way, foreign exchange reception very nice reduces fatigue -  BUT! - My whip in the first place - the anxiety, uncertainty, stiffness,  severe vegetative reactions sometimes the most innocuous anxiogenic  stimuli (call the client at work, resolution of operational problems,  etc.) - vega rushing, by leaps and bounds: the pulse quickens 3 sekndy  and a half times, sweating, subjective sense of increasing blood  pressure.      I want it to get out of it completely. Symptom of a  watch for about 7 years (21 years for this day, 28 years), and watch it  in the steady development. Shoveled tons of material for nootropics,  tranquilizers, psychostimulants, etc. Many have tried, but their main  problem - the alarm and a monstrous reflection - to win can not. I  think, and fatigue grows from here.      He was engaged not only in  self, was the doctors. In addition to the procedures and the regime (by  the way, involved in athletics, I love warm baths, etc. - helps only  during the procedure, from start to finish: got out of the bath / jumped  off the treadmill - Symptoms go into growth again)    doctors prescribed: 1) Pantogam 2) Medazepam.       Medazepam tried (although he knew what the charm) - by itself, Tupelo,  and sexual life left in the realm of fantasy. Naturally, from the BDT he  refused. By the way, I tried Grandaxinum - about anything.       Pantogam begin to accept and finish, more than 3 months did not take any  time - yes, some effect is, again, starting with doses of 2g (8  tablets) per day, but more or less serious anxiogenic environment (and I  Manager active sales) effect is somewhere far away, faint background.  You  write that your main problem is "anxiety, uncertainty, stiffness,  monstrous reflection, and hence fatigue." So I do not see in this case,  the indications for admission nootropics. You yourself write that you  have tried many things, but the condition is getting worse, "a symptom  watch for about 7 years (21 years for this day, 28 years), and watch it  in the steady development." Therefore, it may make sense to discuss with  your doctor the inclusion in the scheme of treatment of antidepressants  and tranquilizers?  I took sertraline (Stimuloton) 200 mg / day.  Yes, the mood in general is increased, more energy - but! - Anxiety  remained still, fatigue, in principle, too. Thus, in general,  antidepressant influenced only general background mood. (NB Before  taking Sertraline Fluoxetine 2 months - went to Sertalin because of  sedation, which is produced in the fluoxetine me).      I would take  Sertraline further, but left (descended gradually decreasing doses of  "ladder") due to the negative effect of too, which he made on libido,  erection and sensitivity, up to anorgasmia. (By the way, occasionally (3  weeks) tried mono bupropion, yes, of course, in the sexual sphere it  acts only positive, but - crazy aggression, impulsivity, anxiety  generally passed into paranoia ....)      In general, empirically  observed that the most positive impact on the complex I have only  nootropics, but in different ways. Of course, Timo-analeptic effect of  sertraline is beyond competition.  What's to argue Phenibutum  popular among the people and is sold without a prescription. How to love  to joke with the reception thereof nootropic becoming give a damn :)  hence the root Phenibutum. But seriously Phenibutum suppresses anxiety,  relieves asthenia, energizing, acting a little Wegetotropona, enhances  the antidepressive effect in TCA - prices were not, would this  nootropics, but unlike Phenotropil - reduces attention and slows  reaction.  I take Phenibut for week, there is a strong effect, but I  just have not tried before. You can draw an analogy to its action of  bupropion, only changing the negative to the positive.      Bupropion is also based on phenyl-ethylamine structure (this is just for reference).      However, personally from bupropion I watched the monstrous aggression and destructive thinking.    From Phenibut - quite the opposite, I would call it a strong empathogen.       Phenibut acc. the law should be sold strictly on prescription. It  should be noted that for him now follow stricter than many other funds,  stricter than fluoxetine (eg., Profluzak). And I readily understand why,  because Profluzak (when I took it - the doctor wrote 1.5 years ago)  almost makes man God's dandelion. Then the action is much more difficult  Phenibut.      I for myself have now understood why the whole  attitude towards Nootropil skeptical - as compared to all other Phenibut  nootropics (and I have tried almost everything, trying to get out of  troubling asthenia) - compared to him they - vitamin C in the degree of  impact on the psyche.      Moreover, now I would recommend to treat  it much neater. Yes, positive, but very, very strange ... I do not know  what will happen, but it seems to me that the first time my personality  changes, and much more so than it has been in the treatment of other  nootropics, DB, antidepressants (fluoxetine and sertraline (at a time,  one had to change to another) - on doctor's advice).      I  currently find it difficult to give a general description of this  change. Of course, I notice a significant reduction asthenic effects  (weakness, fatigue), as well as anxiety, but I think it gives a certain  price, though, I repeat, I can not say for sure, strategically change  negative or positive.      I can only assure you that the anti-social effects, drug aggression is not exactly in this respect it is safe.       But the fact that it is often prescribed to children ... I was puzzled  and confused now that I feel in myself these changes. I would not  recommend prescribed the drug during the formation of the central  nervous system.      But the fact that the drug is definitely  powerful, I can confirm (based on my extensive experience in the  treatment of a placebo effect can not be considered - not only admit to  the second reception at the beginning of the course I felt no small  skepticism with regard to the drug - of course , expected effect, but  suggested that it would be slender like Pantogam).  [http://drdoping.com/blog/phenibut-discussion-part-2](http://drdoping.com/blog/phenibut-discussion-part-2)
8zcf8d,5539,5549,ADR,anorgasmia,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Phenibut Discussion. Part-2 **Phenibut** same - it's a very, very unique product,  often repeat, is a good substitute - an alternative to supplements,  because its tranquilizing properties are quite within 1500-2000mg / day,  but there is no side effects, and memory indicators of intelligence in  general only improve. If addicts have nothing to take, they OCCASIONALLY  Phenibut abuse, which, of course, at high doses, leads to the formation  of dependence is very mild. Often it is not required to facilitate  specific drug withdrawal. Phenibut, I repeat again, it is one of the few  neuroprotective drugs, has no side effects like Piracetam, etc.  (agitation, insomnia, etc.) - so Phenibutum very popular. Adding it to  the treatment regimen of mental disorders significantly reduces the dose  of antipsychotic drugs, biological supplements and other medicines, and  thus eliminates the side effects Phenibutum "heavy drugs". A unique  product that has no analogues in the world. And the fact that many  doctors do not know how to use it properly, and drug addicts sometimes  abuse them - it is clear how to grams peas. And even more clear  ignorance of many "Psychiatrists" in relation to Phenibut - they are, I  repeat, we must be able to use.  Phenibutum actually promotes  rejection of depression since the first dose. It helps to maintain  physical activity and overloads, Phenotropil is a littleall the same.  But ... in conditions of psychological stress preferred the latter.  Several noticeable mood-elevating effect of this nootropic that is not  always necessary. Overall, a very decent product - not expecting.  Introduction  into the molecule of the fatty GABA phenyl radical Phenibut converts it  into a preparation. This radical GABA easily penetrates into the brain  and has a strong inhibitory action (which is characteristic of this  acid).    GABA also exerts nootropic effect (it is mandatory participant in many metabolic processes in the brain).  **What do you think about course combination Phenibut and Pantogam (say Pantogam course lasts, and for 2-3 weeks joins Phenibut)?**  To  reduce the irritating effect on the mucous membrane of the digestive  tract Phenibut had to take gastrofarm, with a clear action Phenibut I  have not seen.  Before taking phenibut need a square meal, a good  anxiolytic, good support in stressful situations, but slows down  response time.  In general, I have absolutely no interest in the use of recreational [Phenibut](http://drdoping.com/shop/phenibut/)  not interested as to develop the use of ad hoc, most want to know is  about the use of foreign exchange, as I expressed astenik with a  combination of fatigue and at the same time quite strong generalized  anxiety.      I know a lot of stimulants, some of them tried Enerion  the same way, foreign exchange reception very nice reduces fatigue -  BUT! - My whip in the first place - the anxiety, uncertainty, stiffness,  severe vegetative reactions sometimes the most innocuous anxiogenic  stimuli (call the client at work, resolution of operational problems,  etc.) - vega rushing, by leaps and bounds: the pulse quickens 3 sekndy  and a half times, sweating, subjective sense of increasing blood  pressure.      I want it to get out of it completely. Symptom of a  watch for about 7 years (21 years for this day, 28 years), and watch it  in the steady development. Shoveled tons of material for nootropics,  tranquilizers, psychostimulants, etc. Many have tried, but their main  problem - the alarm and a monstrous reflection - to win can not. I  think, and fatigue grows from here.      He was engaged not only in  self, was the doctors. In addition to the procedures and the regime (by  the way, involved in athletics, I love warm baths, etc. - helps only  during the procedure, from start to finish: got out of the bath / jumped  off the treadmill - Symptoms go into growth again)    doctors prescribed: 1) Pantogam 2) Medazepam.       Medazepam tried (although he knew what the charm) - by itself, Tupelo,  and sexual life left in the realm of fantasy. Naturally, from the BDT he  refused. By the way, I tried Grandaxinum - about anything.       Pantogam begin to accept and finish, more than 3 months did not take any  time - yes, some effect is, again, starting with doses of 2g (8  tablets) per day, but more or less serious anxiogenic environment (and I  Manager active sales) effect is somewhere far away, faint background.  You  write that your main problem is "anxiety, uncertainty, stiffness,  monstrous reflection, and hence fatigue." So I do not see in this case,  the indications for admission nootropics. You yourself write that you  have tried many things, but the condition is getting worse, "a symptom  watch for about 7 years (21 years for this day, 28 years), and watch it  in the steady development." Therefore, it may make sense to discuss with  your doctor the inclusion in the scheme of treatment of antidepressants  and tranquilizers?  I took sertraline (Stimuloton) 200 mg / day.  Yes, the mood in general is increased, more energy - but! - Anxiety  remained still, fatigue, in principle, too. Thus, in general,  antidepressant influenced only general background mood. (NB Before  taking Sertraline Fluoxetine 2 months - went to Sertalin because of  sedation, which is produced in the fluoxetine me).      I would take  Sertraline further, but left (descended gradually decreasing doses of  "ladder") due to the negative effect of too, which he made on libido,  erection and sensitivity, up to anorgasmia. (By the way, occasionally (3  weeks) tried mono bupropion, yes, of course, in the sexual sphere it  acts only positive, but - crazy aggression, impulsivity, anxiety  generally passed into paranoia ....)      In general, empirically  observed that the most positive impact on the complex I have only  nootropics, but in different ways. Of course, Timo-analeptic effect of  sertraline is beyond competition.  What's to argue Phenibutum  popular among the people and is sold without a prescription. How to love  to joke with the reception thereof nootropic becoming give a damn :)  hence the root Phenibutum. But seriously Phenibutum suppresses anxiety,  relieves asthenia, energizing, acting a little Wegetotropona, enhances  the antidepressive effect in TCA - prices were not, would this  nootropics, but unlike Phenotropil - reduces attention and slows  reaction.  I take Phenibut for week, there is a strong effect, but I  just have not tried before. You can draw an analogy to its action of  bupropion, only changing the negative to the positive.      Bupropion is also based on phenyl-ethylamine structure (this is just for reference).      However, personally from bupropion I watched the monstrous aggression and destructive thinking.    From Phenibut - quite the opposite, I would call it a strong empathogen.       Phenibut acc. the law should be sold strictly on prescription. It  should be noted that for him now follow stricter than many other funds,  stricter than fluoxetine (eg., Profluzak). And I readily understand why,  because Profluzak (when I took it - the doctor wrote 1.5 years ago)  almost makes man God's dandelion. Then the action is much more difficult  Phenibut.      I for myself have now understood why the whole  attitude towards Nootropil skeptical - as compared to all other Phenibut  nootropics (and I have tried almost everything, trying to get out of  troubling asthenia) - compared to him they - vitamin C in the degree of  impact on the psyche.      Moreover, now I would recommend to treat  it much neater. Yes, positive, but very, very strange ... I do not know  what will happen, but it seems to me that the first time my personality  changes, and much more so than it has been in the treatment of other  nootropics, DB, antidepressants (fluoxetine and sertraline (at a time,  one had to change to another) - on doctor's advice).      I  currently find it difficult to give a general description of this  change. Of course, I notice a significant reduction asthenic effects  (weakness, fatigue), as well as anxiety, but I think it gives a certain  price, though, I repeat, I can not say for sure, strategically change  negative or positive.      I can only assure you that the anti-social effects, drug aggression is not exactly in this respect it is safe.       But the fact that it is often prescribed to children ... I was puzzled  and confused now that I feel in myself these changes. I would not  recommend prescribed the drug during the formation of the central  nervous system.      But the fact that the drug is definitely  powerful, I can confirm (based on my extensive experience in the  treatment of a placebo effect can not be considered - not only admit to  the second reception at the beginning of the course I felt no small  skepticism with regard to the drug - of course , expected effect, but  suggested that it would be slender like Pantogam).  [http://drdoping.com/blog/phenibut-discussion-part-2](http://drdoping.com/blog/phenibut-discussion-part-2)
8zcf8d,5739,5747,ADR,paranoia,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,Phenibut Discussion. Part-2 **Phenibut** same - it's a very, very unique product,  often repeat, is a good substitute - an alternative to supplements,  because its tranquilizing properties are quite within 1500-2000mg / day,  but there is no side effects, and memory indicators of intelligence in  general only improve. If addicts have nothing to take, they OCCASIONALLY  Phenibut abuse, which, of course, at high doses, leads to the formation  of dependence is very mild. Often it is not required to facilitate  specific drug withdrawal. Phenibut, I repeat again, it is one of the few  neuroprotective drugs, has no side effects like Piracetam, etc.  (agitation, insomnia, etc.) - so Phenibutum very popular. Adding it to  the treatment regimen of mental disorders significantly reduces the dose  of antipsychotic drugs, biological supplements and other medicines, and  thus eliminates the side effects Phenibutum "heavy drugs". A unique  product that has no analogues in the world. And the fact that many  doctors do not know how to use it properly, and drug addicts sometimes  abuse them - it is clear how to grams peas. And even more clear  ignorance of many "Psychiatrists" in relation to Phenibut - they are, I  repeat, we must be able to use.  Phenibutum actually promotes  rejection of depression since the first dose. It helps to maintain  physical activity and overloads, Phenotropil is a littleall the same.  But ... in conditions of psychological stress preferred the latter.  Several noticeable mood-elevating effect of this nootropic that is not  always necessary. Overall, a very decent product - not expecting.  Introduction  into the molecule of the fatty GABA phenyl radical Phenibut converts it  into a preparation. This radical GABA easily penetrates into the brain  and has a strong inhibitory action (which is characteristic of this  acid).    GABA also exerts nootropic effect (it is mandatory participant in many metabolic processes in the brain).  **What do you think about course combination Phenibut and Pantogam (say Pantogam course lasts, and for 2-3 weeks joins Phenibut)?**  To  reduce the irritating effect on the mucous membrane of the digestive  tract Phenibut had to take gastrofarm, with a clear action Phenibut I  have not seen.  Before taking phenibut need a square meal, a good  anxiolytic, good support in stressful situations, but slows down  response time.  In general, I have absolutely no interest in the use of recreational [Phenibut](http://drdoping.com/shop/phenibut/)  not interested as to develop the use of ad hoc, most want to know is  about the use of foreign exchange, as I expressed astenik with a  combination of fatigue and at the same time quite strong generalized  anxiety.      I know a lot of stimulants, some of them tried Enerion  the same way, foreign exchange reception very nice reduces fatigue -  BUT! - My whip in the first place - the anxiety, uncertainty, stiffness,  severe vegetative reactions sometimes the most innocuous anxiogenic  stimuli (call the client at work, resolution of operational problems,  etc.) - vega rushing, by leaps and bounds: the pulse quickens 3 sekndy  and a half times, sweating, subjective sense of increasing blood  pressure.      I want it to get out of it completely. Symptom of a  watch for about 7 years (21 years for this day, 28 years), and watch it  in the steady development. Shoveled tons of material for nootropics,  tranquilizers, psychostimulants, etc. Many have tried, but their main  problem - the alarm and a monstrous reflection - to win can not. I  think, and fatigue grows from here.      He was engaged not only in  self, was the doctors. In addition to the procedures and the regime (by  the way, involved in athletics, I love warm baths, etc. - helps only  during the procedure, from start to finish: got out of the bath / jumped  off the treadmill - Symptoms go into growth again)    doctors prescribed: 1) Pantogam 2) Medazepam.       Medazepam tried (although he knew what the charm) - by itself, Tupelo,  and sexual life left in the realm of fantasy. Naturally, from the BDT he  refused. By the way, I tried Grandaxinum - about anything.       Pantogam begin to accept and finish, more than 3 months did not take any  time - yes, some effect is, again, starting with doses of 2g (8  tablets) per day, but more or less serious anxiogenic environment (and I  Manager active sales) effect is somewhere far away, faint background.  You  write that your main problem is "anxiety, uncertainty, stiffness,  monstrous reflection, and hence fatigue." So I do not see in this case,  the indications for admission nootropics. You yourself write that you  have tried many things, but the condition is getting worse, "a symptom  watch for about 7 years (21 years for this day, 28 years), and watch it  in the steady development." Therefore, it may make sense to discuss with  your doctor the inclusion in the scheme of treatment of antidepressants  and tranquilizers?  I took sertraline (Stimuloton) 200 mg / day.  Yes, the mood in general is increased, more energy - but! - Anxiety  remained still, fatigue, in principle, too. Thus, in general,  antidepressant influenced only general background mood. (NB Before  taking Sertraline Fluoxetine 2 months - went to Sertalin because of  sedation, which is produced in the fluoxetine me).      I would take  Sertraline further, but left (descended gradually decreasing doses of  "ladder") due to the negative effect of too, which he made on libido,  erection and sensitivity, up to anorgasmia. (By the way, occasionally (3  weeks) tried mono bupropion, yes, of course, in the sexual sphere it  acts only positive, but - crazy aggression, impulsivity, anxiety  generally passed into paranoia ....)      In general, empirically  observed that the most positive impact on the complex I have only  nootropics, but in different ways. Of course, Timo-analeptic effect of  sertraline is beyond competition.  What's to argue Phenibutum  popular among the people and is sold without a prescription. How to love  to joke with the reception thereof nootropic becoming give a damn :)  hence the root Phenibutum. But seriously Phenibutum suppresses anxiety,  relieves asthenia, energizing, acting a little Wegetotropona, enhances  the antidepressive effect in TCA - prices were not, would this  nootropics, but unlike Phenotropil - reduces attention and slows  reaction.  I take Phenibut for week, there is a strong effect, but I  just have not tried before. You can draw an analogy to its action of  bupropion, only changing the negative to the positive.      Bupropion is also based on phenyl-ethylamine structure (this is just for reference).      However, personally from bupropion I watched the monstrous aggression and destructive thinking.    From Phenibut - quite the opposite, I would call it a strong empathogen.       Phenibut acc. the law should be sold strictly on prescription. It  should be noted that for him now follow stricter than many other funds,  stricter than fluoxetine (eg., Profluzak). And I readily understand why,  because Profluzak (when I took it - the doctor wrote 1.5 years ago)  almost makes man God's dandelion. Then the action is much more difficult  Phenibut.      I for myself have now understood why the whole  attitude towards Nootropil skeptical - as compared to all other Phenibut  nootropics (and I have tried almost everything, trying to get out of  troubling asthenia) - compared to him they - vitamin C in the degree of  impact on the psyche.      Moreover, now I would recommend to treat  it much neater. Yes, positive, but very, very strange ... I do not know  what will happen, but it seems to me that the first time my personality  changes, and much more so than it has been in the treatment of other  nootropics, DB, antidepressants (fluoxetine and sertraline (at a time,  one had to change to another) - on doctor's advice).      I  currently find it difficult to give a general description of this  change. Of course, I notice a significant reduction asthenic effects  (weakness, fatigue), as well as anxiety, but I think it gives a certain  price, though, I repeat, I can not say for sure, strategically change  negative or positive.      I can only assure you that the anti-social effects, drug aggression is not exactly in this respect it is safe.       But the fact that it is often prescribed to children ... I was puzzled  and confused now that I feel in myself these changes. I would not  recommend prescribed the drug during the formation of the central  nervous system.      But the fact that the drug is definitely  powerful, I can confirm (based on my extensive experience in the  treatment of a placebo effect can not be considered - not only admit to  the second reception at the beginning of the course I felt no small  skepticism with regard to the drug - of course , expected effect, but  suggested that it would be slender like Pantogam).  [http://drdoping.com/blog/phenibut-discussion-part-2](http://drdoping.com/blog/phenibut-discussion-part-2)
8ypcuy,323,332,ADR,addiction,fluoxetine,fluoxetine,A case for the future I have been diagnosed with bipolar two and inattentive adhd. I'm a male. I'm thirty one years old. Because of my financial situation I depend upon the services of my counties free clinic. My psydoc has prescribed fluoxetine, a prozac generic, however the clinic does not prescribe adderall because of addiction issues in the community. I have not been prescribed a mood stabalizer for reasons that are not clear to me. (It is difficult to get information because demand for a psydocs services so exceed supply that my last appointment lasted between five and ten minutes and my next appointment is in October. There is only time to ask one question, at best.)  My story would probably be familiar to many of you. Failed several grades in public high school but finally graduated. Went to community college, flunked out. Took some time to get myself together and decide what I wanted to do, grow up a bit and get serious about life and a career. Went back to community college. Flunked out.   Employment history is much the same. Eventually I just stop showing up or I am terminated because minor mistakes accumulate to the point they seriously inconvenience my employer.   Over the years I have slowly given up on my dreams. In my younger years I believed I could overcome my challenges and live a meaningful life. At thirty one years old I no longer believe this. There are non-fiscal, non-career/educational goals which are important to me in deeply meaningful ways however I am unable to make progress on those goals for the same reasons that I was unable to be successful in school.  It would be accurate to say that I am suicidal however this does not provide a full picture of my thoughts. It is not just that I want to die, it is that I do not have hope for a meaningful life and I do not enjoy life due to the challenges of bipolar and adhd. Today, at thirty one years old and after medication and treatment my life is worse than it was unmedicated and untreated at twenty one. Will forty one be any better? I see a number of reasons that it could but they are low percentile bets at best. I could win the lottery or be the beneficiary of a miracle cure after an astonishing breakthrough in the field of mental health. But it seems more likely that my situation will continue down the path it has been upon for the last ten years.   I see no reason to endure this future when there is no prize awaiting me at the end. The reward for suffering is more suffering. This suffering is without meaning; there is no purpose to my life, despite my attempts to give it meaning. What is the case for the future?
8zp71x,401,409,ADR,addicted,nicotine,nicotine,Day 30 Made it to the 30 day mark -- this is not my first time quitting but I hope to make it my last. Using the patch and Smoke Free app, just bumped down from the 21mg to the 14mg. Been pretty cranky since I moved to the smaller patch, but I haven't had terrible urges to smoke just general crankiness. I failed in previous quits because I felt safe, like I could have just one cigarette and not be addicted again. But I have definitely proven that I cannot have just one cigarette. Looking forward to tomorrow, one day closer to being totally nicotine free.
8zlp9y,1305,1313,ADR,cravings,nicotine,nicotine,Day 1: Do yourself a favor. Get a counselor. Okay here we go, day 1! I've tried a few times before, and felt helpless after relapsing over and over again over the past several years. I've tried Champix (worked for 3 months), Easy Way (worked for 2 weeks), Nicoderm/Nicorette (worked for no longer than a week), but something was missing when I used these systems alone.  But a month ago, I came across a program at my local hospital where a counselor takes 7 smokers per month and hold 8 sessions of 90 minutes each, aimed at smoking cessation. I started 12 days ago, and quit date is on session 4, which is today. The first three sessions were to get us ready for what to experience, how to go about quitting, knowledge of the NRT products out there, but especially about the dangers of smoking and how addiction works. The counselor himself is an ex-smoker and has been giving this program for 14 years. This fact reduces my resistance to listening to him and helps me overcome my cognitive dissonance.  He said in the first session that if I were to see my doctor and get a prescription for a nicotine replacement product, my odds would be around 10% of being smoke-free that year. His rate of success among his 1800 graduates is 47%!   The next 4 sessions will be support sessions about how to manage cravings, keeping ourselves motivated, and strategies to keep it permanent. Following that, he holds regular appointments with graduates, and support even after that first year. His program is loosely based on the American Lung Association's "Freedom From Smoking" program, which you can find online, if you don't have a health care provider who offers smoking cessation counseling in your area. If you're really serious, you won't go through this whole process alone. Quitting smoking is uncomfortable and you need everything in your corner in order to remain smoke-free.  It's not a "scared straight" type program. It's all about positive gains. I'm sure we've all been bombarded with comments that smoking causes 50 diseases, is expensive, smells bad, etc. So I wrote my positive affirmations on a post-it note and put that on my mirror:  1. No more slavery! 2. Prevent 50 diseases / Add 10 years to my life 3. Clear lungs, freedom from coughing 4. No more smelly clothes 5. Save $4000/year  I wish everyone luck in their journeys...or rather I wish everyone strength. Because it's a habit that you can kick, you just need to continuously be mindful of it. I, for one, am confident I'll finally kick this habit this time. But I need the support.
8zl6zd,73,81,ADR,Cravings,nicotine,nicotine,6th day clean Been a smoker for 5 years, and this is my progress report  Cravings are high, but not as high as the first few days  Palpitation attacks are intense for me... I wake up in the middle of the night heart pounding... this happens a lot when i sleep, and randomly within the day.  Episodes of hands and feet tingling  Mouth sometimes feel hot.   Fearful actually this maybe another condition that i may have other than the symptoms of nicotine withdrawal
8zl6zd,131,142,ADR,Palpitation,nicotine,nicotine,6th day clean Been a smoker for 5 years, and this is my progress report  Cravings are high, but not as high as the first few days  Palpitation attacks are intense for me... I wake up in the middle of the night heart pounding... this happens a lot when i sleep, and randomly within the day.  Episodes of hands and feet tingling  Mouth sometimes feel hot.   Fearful actually this maybe another condition that i may have other than the symptoms of nicotine withdrawal
8zl6zd,313,326,ADR,feet tingling,nicotine,nicotine,6th day clean Been a smoker for 5 years, and this is my progress report  Cravings are high, but not as high as the first few days  Palpitation attacks are intense for me... I wake up in the middle of the night heart pounding... this happens a lot when i sleep, and randomly within the day.  Episodes of hands and feet tingling  Mouth sometimes feel hot.   Fearful actually this maybe another condition that i may have other than the symptoms of nicotine withdrawal
8zl6zd,454,464,ADR,withdrawal,nicotine,nicotine,6th day clean Been a smoker for 5 years, and this is my progress report  Cravings are high, but not as high as the first few days  Palpitation attacks are intense for me... I wake up in the middle of the night heart pounding... this happens a lot when i sleep, and randomly within the day.  Episodes of hands and feet tingling  Mouth sometimes feel hot.   Fearful actually this maybe another condition that i may have other than the symptoms of nicotine withdrawal
8zhkxb,29,37,ADR,cravings,nicotine,nicotine,I quit vaping and have crazy cravings for sweet foods. Anyone have any advice? I used 3mg nicotine vape juice. but I got really sweet flavors like fruity cereal or Oreos. Now that I quit I'm craving them. I could vape 0 nicotine juice but I wanted to stop spending money on vaping and figured it still wasn't "healthy"
8zgxf9,420,431,ADR,withdrawals,nicotine,nicotine,[GA] Vaping Accomodations in Court Hello legaladviceofftopic!  I'm headed to traffic court in about half a month for a speeding ticket. In my state, Georgia, you are allowed medical accommodations in court - and nicotine addiction is classified as a disease according to the ICD-10 (F2). Now I'm wondering if I can vape in court as a reasonable accommodation due to my medical condition. I'd hate to start going through withdrawals before my case. Do you think the court would allow it, and could it affect my case?  Let me know what you think!
8zgxf9,221,230,ADR,addiction,nicotine,nicotine,[GA] Vaping Accomodations in Court Hello legaladviceofftopic!  I'm headed to traffic court in about half a month for a speeding ticket. In my state, Georgia, you are allowed medical accommodations in court - and nicotine addiction is classified as a disease according to the ICD-10 (F2). Now I'm wondering if I can vape in court as a reasonable accommodation due to my medical condition. I'd hate to start going through withdrawals before my case. Do you think the court would allow it, and could it affect my case?  Let me know what you think!
8zfyf7,12,21,ADR,addiction,nicotine,nicotine,Breaking my addiction to tobacco but want to stay in a good relationship with my mary-jane Hi guys...  I'm a 8 year every day stoner. But since I live in europe, I started smoking weed with joints. It's way too expensive to smoke blunts only, so I smoke between 3 and 12 joints a day (it depends if I go to work or have free time/holidays), mostly in the evening. I stopped smoking cigarettes a year ago but I betrayed myself with smoking joints with tobacco.   I want to break my sick relationship with smoking weed everyday but I relapsed countless times. Now I want to stop smoking weed for a straight month at least. After this month I will try to start vaping (I will spent my next salary partly on a good vaporizer which is affordable and has good reputation) weed - but only on the weekends and no more joints! Maybe this will break my addiction because it might be also a nicotine addiction.     Wish me luck fellows. I jsut needed to get this off my chest! sry for spelling, no native tongue!
8zf28s,12,19,ADR,craving,nicotine,nicotine,My brain is craving something pleasurable. HELP I’ve been trying to fix my bed and cleaning the house and doing all sorts of laborous stuff and I’m nicotine/pot free and I feel absolutely bored. I just want to binge smoke/fap/eat. What do I fkn do
8z6zur,116,123,ADR,shaking,nicotine,nicotine,11 days smoke free Cold turkey too no cessation aid I am so proud it’s honestly mostly mind over matter I have been shaking and sweating loads due to nicotine withdrawal it definitely gets much easier the longer you’re smoke free.  Anyone else that wants to go cold turkey you can do it believe it think of the health benefits :3
8z6zur,128,136,ADR,sweating,nicotine,nicotine,11 days smoke free Cold turkey too no cessation aid I am so proud it’s honestly mostly mind over matter I have been shaking and sweating loads due to nicotine withdrawal it definitely gets much easier the longer you’re smoke free.  Anyone else that wants to go cold turkey you can do it believe it think of the health benefits :3
8z6zur,159,169,ADR,withdrawal,nicotine,nicotine,11 days smoke free Cold turkey too no cessation aid I am so proud it’s honestly mostly mind over matter I have been shaking and sweating loads due to nicotine withdrawal it definitely gets much easier the longer you’re smoke free.  Anyone else that wants to go cold turkey you can do it believe it think of the health benefits :3
8z6jot,474,482,ADR,sedating,nicotine,nicotine,Kratom for party? Intersting experiment. Okay, so , kratom isn't a party drug people. Actually, I don't think any drug is meant for partying. Thats just a personal opinion. But! So I had this green Thai strain in capsules of 0.25 gr each, and was at a minifestival-fair here nearby my local town. I casually had it in my backpack bag, so I decided to give it a try. Each 15 minutes I had a capsule or two Stimulating non stop effect for about 4 hours. Then 2 hours slightly sedating effect and nice afterglow. It was great, I was social, music was greatly enhanced. I went into some theme park machhines, these ones where I was like floating suspensed in the air and stuf and it felt great, when I closed my I felt like ingravity and I wasnt like scary or anything as it usually would feel. I dont usually dance nor socialice in big crowds of people. But this time I was so relaxed and chillin. It was really cool I danced and had some conversations with new people and made friends and even got a phone number from a gril I wanted. It was so cool.  Just try it that wat. Take 1\2 capules per each 15/20 minutes and report back. Go somewhere, meet someone, or just go to a walk alone and have some music.  I have hppd, and when kratom hits me, I feel how all these psychedelic thoughts start flowinh throught the mind. Is like psychedelics without visuals. And it does not worse the hppd, wich is great. Thats me tho,so be careful. Is greater than anything Ive ever had. Before the hppd kratom wast like that. Althought, still had great effects.  Idk , just wanted to share. What is great with kratom, is that you feel just normal but enhanced, isnt like m or alcohol or weed or whatever , where you actually feel diferent and look weird to people. You are just you, you act normal and enjoy the experience more.  The next day I felt irritable, but it could be a lack a sleep,  as well as,  that I had some stuff and deadlines to work on, so i cannot tell.  Isnt a panacea , but is great!  I do really see how can it be adictive, more that physically, psicologically. I just dont take it untill at least 8 days have passed between intakes. Be smart, and do so. Dont break that rule. This way you will enjoy it moar as well  Here I give some ideas: Have a tyrosine pathway the same day. Have a serotonine pathway the same day. Have some niacine, niacinamide better,  some hours before taking kratom. That should enhance it greatly. Try some low dose nicotine capsules and see how it goes with kratom. (Smoking tobaco isnt enjoyable with kratom, at least for me) Have some caffeine with kratom. Have some bulletproff coffe with kratom, the ketosis way. Or just the butter with the coconut oil and kratom. Withouwt coffe. That should be cool as well. Idk, give some moar ideas people!   So, what you are your thoughts about this? Feel free to drop some lines brozz.  Piz nd light love and cunji cringy stuff to y'all!
8z559w,87,95,ADR,addicted,nicotine,nicotine,CBD e-juice in a suorin? I want to start vaping with  a suorin but I don’t want to get addicted to nicotine. I like the effects of CBD and It would be perfect in the little suorin air. Will CBD e-juice work in a suorin?
8yvu8n,97,105,ADR,coughing,nicotine,nicotine,So I am trying to get someone to quit cigs and switch to vaping I noticed that they have started coughing each day, and it's not a sickness cough obviously the lungs trying to expel all the gunk. Do I just go into a vape shop, pick out a vape stick and buy some nicotine is that how it works?
8yurtc,24,33,ADR,addictive,nicotine,nicotine,IsItBullshit: kratom is addictive I've heard many different side on this and don't know who is right. Is it addictive? If it is, just how addictive is it? How is it any different to many other legal things that are addictive (caffeine, sugar, nicotine, alcohol)? Is there a reason it should be outlawed, or should it just be regulated better?
8yjp7x,602,610,ADR,cravings,nicotine,nicotine,Haven't slept right since quitting and I'm exhausted I won't smoke as it's not worth it but I am so exhausted. I can get to sleep fine but I only stay asleep for an hour before I'm wide awake and then have to try and force myself to go back to sleep, this happens nearly ever 1-2 hours and it's driving me crazy. At night everything seems really lonely and I'm laying there tired and bored out of my mind, knowing tomorrow I'll be so tired. I used to smoke occassionally in the middle of the night so I'm guessing it's my body wanting nicotine (maybe??)  Does anyone know how to fix this? I don't have cravings as I just vape but maybe I am as I can't sleep? My doctors don't give out sleeping pills and I don't know if thats a good idea too as I'm scared of coming dependent on them. Has this happened to you?
8yjp7x,766,775,ADR,dependent,nicotine,nicotine,Haven't slept right since quitting and I'm exhausted I won't smoke as it's not worth it but I am so exhausted. I can get to sleep fine but I only stay asleep for an hour before I'm wide awake and then have to try and force myself to go back to sleep, this happens nearly ever 1-2 hours and it's driving me crazy. At night everything seems really lonely and I'm laying there tired and bored out of my mind, knowing tomorrow I'll be so tired. I used to smoke occassionally in the middle of the night so I'm guessing it's my body wanting nicotine (maybe??)  Does anyone know how to fix this? I don't have cravings as I just vape but maybe I am as I can't sleep? My doctors don't give out sleeping pills and I don't know if thats a good idea too as I'm scared of coming dependent on them. Has this happened to you?
8ygcau,179,186,ADR,anxiety,nicotine,nicotine,Classic weed altering bad shroom trip Hey guys,  Did shrooms for the first time last week. Was a bit overconfident from tabs and a couple of weeks after it have gotten pretty bad anxiety/depression which has basically ruined pot for me (at least currently).  Just looking for anyone to talk to that has had the same experience (or similar). Have read on forums that quitting substances is useful for recovery, would this include nicotine and caffeine? (Vape and tea, which slightly alleviate the brain "fog" I've had since these symptoms started and alleviate the depression, though if it will speed up recovery I can quit those too).   Thanks for any help you guys can give :) i know that this will pass and I just need to put in effort to help myself, just not sure of the best ways to go about this.
8ygcau,187,197,ADR,depression,nicotine,nicotine,Classic weed altering bad shroom trip Hey guys,  Did shrooms for the first time last week. Was a bit overconfident from tabs and a couple of weeks after it have gotten pretty bad anxiety/depression which has basically ruined pot for me (at least currently).  Just looking for anyone to talk to that has had the same experience (or similar). Have read on forums that quitting substances is useful for recovery, would this include nicotine and caffeine? (Vape and tea, which slightly alleviate the brain "fog" I've had since these symptoms started and alleviate the depression, though if it will speed up recovery I can quit those too).   Thanks for any help you guys can give :) i know that this will pass and I just need to put in effort to help myself, just not sure of the best ways to go about this.
8zltqd,138,155,ADR,light sensitivity,prozac,prozac,ssris + weed? recently i’ve been prescribed prozac for my anxiety/ depression and it’s been fine i havent had any notable symptoms except light sensitivity, im a pretty regular user so my tolerance is fucked. for the past few smoke sessions tho i’ve noticed i’ve gotten higher way faster, like i would smoke maybe a joint and get high just from that when usually it takes me way more than just that i was wondering if the combination of the two have anything to do with it or is it just that i dont smoke every minute of the day anymore
8zltqd,188,197,ADR,tolerance,prozac,prozac,ssris + weed? recently i’ve been prescribed prozac for my anxiety/ depression and it’s been fine i havent had any notable symptoms except light sensitivity, im a pretty regular user so my tolerance is fucked. for the past few smoke sessions tho i’ve noticed i’ve gotten higher way faster, like i would smoke maybe a joint and get high just from that when usually it takes me way more than just that i was wondering if the combination of the two have anything to do with it or is it just that i dont smoke every minute of the day anymore
8zdkp8,311,320,ADR,tolerance,prozac,prozac,Seriously?! Antidepressants? Went to my dr today to talk about my monthly crazies.  Lol. He suggested birth control for hormone regulation and prozac for 10 days pre-period.  Has this ever been recommended for you?  How did it work out?  He did say that because the Prozac is intermittent I wouldn’t build up a tolerance or become addicted.  Also that this would be temporary to get me over this menopause BS.  So maybe 7 years...I just never considered myself someone who would hear a recommendation for an anti-depressant.  But then again, I’m clearly in uncharted waters.
8zdkp8,331,339,ADR,addicted,prozac,prozac,Seriously?! Antidepressants? Went to my dr today to talk about my monthly crazies.  Lol. He suggested birth control for hormone regulation and prozac for 10 days pre-period.  Has this ever been recommended for you?  How did it work out?  He did say that because the Prozac is intermittent I wouldn’t build up a tolerance or become addicted.  Also that this would be temporary to get me over this menopause BS.  So maybe 7 years...I just never considered myself someone who would hear a recommendation for an anti-depressant.  But then again, I’m clearly in uncharted waters.
8z44po,325,337,ADR,binge eating,prozac,prozac,Wellbutrin or Prozac? A few years ago while we were stationed overseas, I was on Prozac (about 40mg) for my depression. I lost a TON of weight from it (i'd say about 30 pounds in a matter of 10 weeks) and it made me feel great. I learned how to cope with my anxiety and depression, but we had a life event that made me start binge eating again like crazy to cope, which has in turn made me gain even more weight and sure enough, my anxiety/depression is back. I am back in therapy with ways to cope but I just need a little more 'umph'  My doctor has suggested Wellbutrin as well and I'm curious as to the weight loss people have had with both and which you would choose. Thank you!
8z44po,258,265,ADR,anxiety,prozac,prozac,Wellbutrin or Prozac? A few years ago while we were stationed overseas, I was on Prozac (about 40mg) for my depression. I lost a TON of weight from it (i'd say about 30 pounds in a matter of 10 weeks) and it made me feel great. I learned how to cope with my anxiety and depression, but we had a life event that made me start binge eating again like crazy to cope, which has in turn made me gain even more weight and sure enough, my anxiety/depression is back. I am back in therapy with ways to cope but I just need a little more 'umph'  My doctor has suggested Wellbutrin as well and I'm curious as to the weight loss people have had with both and which you would choose. Thank you!
8z44po,108,118,ADR,depression,prozac,prozac,Wellbutrin or Prozac? A few years ago while we were stationed overseas, I was on Prozac (about 40mg) for my depression. I lost a TON of weight from it (i'd say about 30 pounds in a matter of 10 weeks) and it made me feel great. I learned how to cope with my anxiety and depression, but we had a life event that made me start binge eating again like crazy to cope, which has in turn made me gain even more weight and sure enough, my anxiety/depression is back. I am back in therapy with ways to cope but I just need a little more 'umph'  My doctor has suggested Wellbutrin as well and I'm curious as to the weight loss people have had with both and which you would choose. Thank you!
8yvz9m,471,483,ADR,panic attack,prozac,prozac,Using Lexapro 2.5mg? Would 2.5mg for say 1-2 weeks be a good start point in a SSRI treatment? My doc prescribed me the Lexapro back in April, told me to take 5mg for a bit and report back to him, but I've just slept on it and haven't taken it since because I've been too anxious about it. I truly do believe that I am one of the people that are highly sensitive to medication. Prozac a few years, 1 pill and I was bed bound, Elavil 4 months ago, 1 pill = relapsed into a panic attack. I wanna make sure I start on the lowest dose because I feel I won't have the reaction that I did with the previous medications, and I guess it sort of eases the anxiety.
8yqcau,562,568,ADR,apathy,prozac,prozac,just feeling wrong when happy i've been on prozac for 8 months after having anxiety and depression for some 10-12 years, and while the meds have helped tremendously with depression, i still feel like i'm not SUPPOSED to be happy when i AM happy, but also like when i'm sad, that i'm just being a little bitch baby and that whole "other people have it worse :)" mentality comes and invalidates my feelings which of course just makes me more angry with myself. just feeling confused with my feelings i guess. i don't feel like i deserve to feel anything, yet even apathy feels disgusting to me even though it's pretty much the main emotion i experience. hard for me to put it in words but i just feel so WRONG no matter what
8ym8tu,217,235,ADR,serotonin syndrome,prozac,prozac,Prozac and Ayahuasca Hey guys. I was wondering if anyone had experience with going off of Prozac in order to safely take Ayahuasca. I know the dangers involved with SSRI's and MAOI's, and having previously undergoing serotonin syndrome, it's something I want to completely avoid. SSRI's, especially Prozac, are notorious for having a long half life, with studies saying it takes from 1 to up to 3 months for it to completely leave your system. For me being a chronic user with a relatively high dosage, I'd imagine I would be on the higher end. I've completely cut off my Prozac usage for about 2 months now, but I'll likely wait more before my ayahuasca journey to completely minimize adverse effects.  If anyone has any experience on the matter, I'd love to hear about it.  Peace and love guys.
8yfdwp,82,93,ADR,gain weight,prozac,prozac,I’ve been working hard to lose weight, but my anxiety medication has only made me gain weight. Please help! I’ve been on anxiety medicine for a year now. I started out at 130 pounds on lexapro. The lexapro combined with that good old freshman 15 has caused me to gain 30 pounds since starting starting the medication in August of last year. I switched to prozac in January and found that that helped stop my weight gain.. The problem is, I had to switch back to lexapro because the prozac wasn’t helping my anxiety.  I have since gained five pounds despite eating healthy and running each night without fail. I know that it is because of the prozac because when I was 17 (i’m now 19) I went on a weight loss journey and did everything that I am doing now and managed to lose 20 pounds in 3 months.   I am weaning myself off of my anxiety because of this weight gain and the fact that I feel I no longer need the medicine, but as you may know it takes a while to wean yourself off of medicine. If you have any advice please help, I have tried everything from calorie counting to a ketogenic diet and I am desperate to find something that works.
8y47hx,1128,1141,ADR,panic attacks,prozac,prozac,Prologue So I decided to create this to record my daily life in the pursuit of my happiness.  I guess I can start with an introduction. I am 18 years old, 225 pounds (5'8-5'9), and pretty miserable. I haven't dated anybody in a couple years, I feel like my life is stagnated, I'm neither motivated nor disciplined. I just failed high school, and now I work for delivery services.  I hate that I look much younger than I am, I hate that people call me "buddy" when I deliver stuff, I hate that I don't get attention from girls, I hate that I'm not driven to do anything. I hate I don't have self-control and I hate that everytime I lose weight I gain more of it back than I lost in the first place. I constantly lie and get caught lying, I feel pretty manipulative, I want to study economics but don't have enough discipline to further myself at all. I've thought about killing myself in the past and come close, I now think about it more than I ever have (but I'd never do it). I was on Prozac for months but it made my emotions so suppressed I stopped taking them a month and a half ago and now I feel the physical symptoms of panic attacks and heart palpitations.  I don't feel bad for myself, nor that depressed with my situation. I feel an incredible amount of frustration at my inability to gain any sort of work ethic to change anything. It's mind-numbingly frustrating, really. It's worse than being depressed (to me). I guess I'll try to do something about it now even though I already have tried on a hundred different occasions far more motivated than I am now.  I guess I'm ready for my hundred and first stab at the pursuit of happiness. This is my story.
8y47hx,1146,1164,ADR,heart palpitations,prozac,prozac,Prologue So I decided to create this to record my daily life in the pursuit of my happiness.  I guess I can start with an introduction. I am 18 years old, 225 pounds (5'8-5'9), and pretty miserable. I haven't dated anybody in a couple years, I feel like my life is stagnated, I'm neither motivated nor disciplined. I just failed high school, and now I work for delivery services.  I hate that I look much younger than I am, I hate that people call me "buddy" when I deliver stuff, I hate that I don't get attention from girls, I hate that I'm not driven to do anything. I hate I don't have self-control and I hate that everytime I lose weight I gain more of it back than I lost in the first place. I constantly lie and get caught lying, I feel pretty manipulative, I want to study economics but don't have enough discipline to further myself at all. I've thought about killing myself in the past and come close, I now think about it more than I ever have (but I'd never do it). I was on Prozac for months but it made my emotions so suppressed I stopped taking them a month and a half ago and now I feel the physical symptoms of panic attacks and heart palpitations.  I don't feel bad for myself, nor that depressed with my situation. I feel an incredible amount of frustration at my inability to gain any sort of work ethic to change anything. It's mind-numbingly frustrating, really. It's worse than being depressed (to me). I guess I'll try to do something about it now even though I already have tried on a hundred different occasions far more motivated than I am now.  I guess I'm ready for my hundred and first stab at the pursuit of happiness. This is my story.
8xznwd,119,127,ADR,withdraw,prozac,prozac,Quitting Prozac Hi all,  I was taking Prozac for 6 days and decided I didn't want to go through with it. Will you feel withdraw after taking them for such a short period of time and quitting cold turkey?  Thanks.
8xuanu,228,235,ADR,Disgust,prozac,prozac,I miss feeling nothing. I have been off the Prozac for a while now. It's weird being able to feel again. Not good feelings though. Bad feelings. What a fucking trade off.   I can't even begin to describe my emotions. It's as if Disgust, Disappointment, Emptiness, Numbness, Sadness, and Loneliness got into a slut session and birthed out this glob of shit is my general emotional state.   And now I'm starting to get angry again, mostly at myself. My temper is coming back fast. I get scared at how quickly my mood can change.   To make things worse my clit is working again. I hate getting turned on. I hate having butterflies in my tummy. I feel so dirty. I just end up more frustrated.  I just hate feeling. I don't want to be here. My life is a mistake. Just kill me and get it over with.
8xuanu,237,251,ADR,Disappointment,prozac,prozac,I miss feeling nothing. I have been off the Prozac for a while now. It's weird being able to feel again. Not good feelings though. Bad feelings. What a fucking trade off.   I can't even begin to describe my emotions. It's as if Disgust, Disappointment, Emptiness, Numbness, Sadness, and Loneliness got into a slut session and birthed out this glob of shit is my general emotional state.   And now I'm starting to get angry again, mostly at myself. My temper is coming back fast. I get scared at how quickly my mood can change.   To make things worse my clit is working again. I hate getting turned on. I hate having butterflies in my tummy. I feel so dirty. I just end up more frustrated.  I just hate feeling. I don't want to be here. My life is a mistake. Just kill me and get it over with.
8xuanu,253,262,ADR,Emptiness,prozac,prozac,I miss feeling nothing. I have been off the Prozac for a while now. It's weird being able to feel again. Not good feelings though. Bad feelings. What a fucking trade off.   I can't even begin to describe my emotions. It's as if Disgust, Disappointment, Emptiness, Numbness, Sadness, and Loneliness got into a slut session and birthed out this glob of shit is my general emotional state.   And now I'm starting to get angry again, mostly at myself. My temper is coming back fast. I get scared at how quickly my mood can change.   To make things worse my clit is working again. I hate getting turned on. I hate having butterflies in my tummy. I feel so dirty. I just end up more frustrated.  I just hate feeling. I don't want to be here. My life is a mistake. Just kill me and get it over with.
8xuanu,264,273,ADR,Numbness,,prozac,prozac,I miss feeling nothing. I have been off the Prozac for a while now. It's weird being able to feel again. Not good feelings though. Bad feelings. What a fucking trade off.   I can't even begin to describe my emotions. It's as if Disgust, Disappointment, Emptiness, Numbness, Sadness, and Loneliness got into a slut session and birthed out this glob of shit is my general emotional state.   And now I'm starting to get angry again, mostly at myself. My temper is coming back fast. I get scared at how quickly my mood can change.   To make things worse my clit is working again. I hate getting turned on. I hate having butterflies in my tummy. I feel so dirty. I just end up more frustrated.  I just hate feeling. I don't want to be here. My life is a mistake. Just kill me and get it over with.
8xuanu,274,281,ADR,Sadness,prozac,prozac,I miss feeling nothing. I have been off the Prozac for a while now. It's weird being able to feel again. Not good feelings though. Bad feelings. What a fucking trade off.   I can't even begin to describe my emotions. It's as if Disgust, Disappointment, Emptiness, Numbness, Sadness, and Loneliness got into a slut session and birthed out this glob of shit is my general emotional state.   And now I'm starting to get angry again, mostly at myself. My temper is coming back fast. I get scared at how quickly my mood can change.   To make things worse my clit is working again. I hate getting turned on. I hate having butterflies in my tummy. I feel so dirty. I just end up more frustrated.  I just hate feeling. I don't want to be here. My life is a mistake. Just kill me and get it over with.
8zp9fv,2561,2567,ADR,nausea,metoprolol,metoprolol,Strange chest pain following angioplasty. Possible GI problem? Age: 31  Height: 6’2”  Weight: 376 lbs  Gender: Male  Smoking Status: Non-smoker  Medications:  Apsrin 81mg  Bupropion XL 300mg (for depression, taking roughly 1yr)  Clopidogrel 75mg  Metoprolol Succ 25mg (2x day)  Atorvastatin 40mg  Lisiniopril 5mg  Nitroglycerin (as needed)  Famotidine 20mg (2x day)  Sucralfate (4x day w/ meals and before bed)  Roughly 4 weeks ago I began to feel tightness in my chest with pain radiating into my left arm. I went to the ER and they checked my blood work and determined that I was not having an heart attack. However they did refer me to a cardiologist. One week ago following a nuclear stress test and echo cardiogram I had angioplasty performed and it was discovered I had an 80% block in my left anterior descending artery. A stent was inserted and I went home the same day. That day I was put on all the medications listed above (except the bupropion, famotidine and sucralfate).  Immediately after the insertion of the stent I felt the chest tightness alleviate. However, within a few days I noticed some odd sensations in my chest. At first I thought I was feeling the stent and just needed to adapt to it. I had a pain in roughly the same area as before, the left side of my chest and and just a bit up into the left side of my neck, but this time it was more of a burning sensation than a tightness. I noticed that it tended to flare up after eating and partially subside later on. After having particularly heavy, spicy/greasy meal the other night (stupid, I know) it immediately got very bad and didn't subside even after 5 hours. I sucked it up and went to the ER again. My concern was that restenosis was happening and I had a clot or that my one shitty meal somehow blocked my widow maker again and I was about to die. I admit I was having a panic attack and not dealing well with the idea my heart was failing. At the ER they re-did my blood work and did an EKG and both came back normal. They gave me what they called a GI cocktail and that seemed to relieve most of the symptoms for a while. The ER doctor prescribed me the famotidine and sucralfate that evening.I tried the famotidine for the first time today and it seems to help with the symptoms and I'll take it again later tonight. I can pretty much feel this dull burning at all times; either a low-grade simmer I can pretty much ignore or a more concerning flare up especially after food. Sometimes there is no burning sensation, but it's more like a dull pressure with waves of slight nausea and occasional jolts of pain. It seems to be all over my chest cavity, but mostly above the heart area. I have a follow up with my cardiologist scheduled this week.  My hope in this post is that some informed people could give their opinion as to whether this is likely to be a form of heartburn, GERD, acid reflux etc. and what may be causing it. Prior to all this I had an iron stomach, I never got sick and almost never had any acid reflux. When I did on occasion, it felt more like I was going to throw up and a burning at the base of my esophagus, not the left side of my chest. Is what I’m feeling likely a complication from all the medications I’m taking? I’ve been attempting to eat a bland, healthy diet in the last day or so and drink lots of water. It definitely has helped the symptoms but I can pretty much always feel it to some degree. Is there anything in particular I should be asking my doctor when I see him later this week? Thank you so much to whoever takes the time to respond. Bless you.
8zciv6,0,3,ADR,SVT,metoprolol,metoprolol,SVT I'm an AEMT and I have a history of SVT. I had an episode I could not vagal out of during Nat Reg testing about 7 months ago, and had an ablation 5 months ago. I haven't had an episode of it since then... until yesterday. I got adenosine and metoprolol and everything is back to "normal" now. I've been working in the field for around 3 months and now I have to go through the whole electrophysiologist nonsense again and probably have another ablation. I'm concerned that this will affect my career and I don't want to give this up just because my heart decides it likes to beat at 230 sometimes. Have any of you in the field either had SVT or worked with someone who did?
8xx1vc,485,490,ADR,moles,metoprolol,metoprolol,Mole change. Kinda scared. Hello r/AskDocs,  I had help from you guys in the past and was diagnosed with shingles after receiving the same info here. Im hoping y’all can help me again. I’m a white 25 yr old female, weigh 125lbs, 5’ 2’’. I take metoprolol for tachycardia, levothyroxine for hashimotos, yaz for PCOS, and a low dose of concerta for ADHD. I also have IBS, a herniated disc, and ovarian cysts related to PCOS but I don’t see how they’ll be relevant. Anyway, I have little moles around my body and bruise easily. I happened to notice a bruise around a mole on my proximal, lateral right thigh (did I say that right?). The mole was raised and the area swollen. When I showed my husband, he thought it was a big bite. Now it has turned into a scabish (?) looking thing. I haven’t itched or picked at it and first noticed it about 5days ago. I have an appointment scheduled but the soonest they could get me in was July 23rd. I’m kinda hoping y’all will say I’m just being paranoid and it’s fine. [Here are some poor quality photos.](https://imgur.com/a/qatXOUB) Sorry, it’s the best I can do. Thank you for any info.
8xx1vc,510,523,ADR,bruise easily,metoprolol,metoprolol,Mole change. Kinda scared. Hello r/AskDocs,  I had help from you guys in the past and was diagnosed with shingles after receiving the same info here. Im hoping y’all can help me again. I’m a white 25 yr old female, weigh 125lbs, 5’ 2’’. I take metoprolol for tachycardia, levothyroxine for hashimotos, yaz for PCOS, and a low dose of concerta for ADHD. I also have IBS, a herniated disc, and ovarian cysts related to PCOS but I don’t see how they’ll be relevant. Anyway, I have little moles around my body and bruise easily. I happened to notice a bruise around a mole on my proximal, lateral right thigh (did I say that right?). The mole was raised and the area swollen. When I showed my husband, he thought it was a big bite. Now it has turned into a scabish (?) looking thing. I haven’t itched or picked at it and first noticed it about 5days ago. I have an appointment scheduled but the soonest they could get me in was July 23rd. I’m kinda hoping y’all will say I’m just being paranoid and it’s fine. [Here are some poor quality photos.](https://imgur.com/a/qatXOUB) Sorry, it’s the best I can do. Thank you for any info.
8xx1vc,753,760,ADR,scabish,metoprolol,metoprolol,Mole change. Kinda scared. Hello r/AskDocs,  I had help from you guys in the past and was diagnosed with shingles after receiving the same info here. Im hoping y’all can help me again. I’m a white 25 yr old female, weigh 125lbs, 5’ 2’’. I take metoprolol for tachycardia, levothyroxine for hashimotos, yaz for PCOS, and a low dose of concerta for ADHD. I also have IBS, a herniated disc, and ovarian cysts related to PCOS but I don’t see how they’ll be relevant. Anyway, I have little moles around my body and bruise easily. I happened to notice a bruise around a mole on my proximal, lateral right thigh (did I say that right?). The mole was raised and the area swollen. When I showed my husband, he thought it was a big bite. Now it has turned into a scabish (?) looking thing. I haven’t itched or picked at it and first noticed it about 5days ago. I have an appointment scheduled but the soonest they could get me in was July 23rd. I’m kinda hoping y’all will say I’m just being paranoid and it’s fine. [Here are some poor quality photos.](https://imgur.com/a/qatXOUB) Sorry, it’s the best I can do. Thank you for any info.
8ywwbg,409,423,ADR,blood pressure,vyvanse,vyvanse,Help please So not too long ago I was diagnosed with having ADD. It was an adjustment as a twenty year old to finally get answers and hear that for the first time. I was prescribed 50mg of Vyvanse to start, and I can say the first day was eye opening. I never felt so motivated to work and I've never been so happy to do it. The second day comes and it is not so great. I get a ridiculous migraine and and my blood pressure just rises like crazy. I go to urgent care and they explain to me that my doctor prescribed too high of a dose to start with and that I need to stop until I see him again. It really helped so much to finally want to pay attention and work, but now I'm afraid that other stimulant medication will not work. Does anyone have any experience or advice? It would be greatly appreciated.
8y6ojc,130,145,ADR,adrenaline rush,vyvanse,vyvanse,I call this " The Heart Stopper" High dose of vyvanse + 200mg IV cocaine + 3 cups of black coffee = near death experiences and an adrenaline rush like no other.  This post is meant to be comical in the sense that its absurd and blatantly stupid, in other words: it is not a suggestion. Im just reminiscing on the shit I used to do when I was using.
8yz3r2,843,851,ADR,hopeless,olanzapine,olanzapine,HELP! My mother needs help with delusions and is getting worse and worse My mother a house wife, around late 50s, has had psychological problems for as long as i can remember. She has been diagnosed with generalized anxiety syndrome and delusions. She believes worms are infesting muscles in her body. She thinks parts of her body have been eaten away, like her lungs so sometimes she thinks she is suffocating. Now she has gotten even worse. There are episodes mostly in the morning where she just lies on the floor. She feels weak and feels like "something grabbing at my brain or worms eating her brain". Doctors just give her anti anxiety and antipsychotic drugs. (Now she takes pregabalin and olanzapine) which make her situation worse because she feels even more weak and frail and her "worms" get even stronger. Plz help she is getting hopeless and has suicidal thoughts now.
8y60qe,871,878,ADR,vomited,levaquin,levaquin,Period in the middle of birth control?? Okay. This is a very long story but I don't know what else to do.   Thursday I went to the sinus doctor, got a CT scan done and discovered I had many problems. To avoid surgery, I was put on another round of antibiotics(after I had failed three rounds) to try and clear up the problems. I was prescribed a seriously intense brand called Levaquin, which side effects include:  diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, hemorrhaging, fainting, etc. The doctor talked about these with me, and although I had no problems in the past, she suggested I take some pro-biotics, so I did.   The first day of taking these new pills I went out to my favorite Vietnamese place for lunch and had a big steaming bowl of beef  pho with a shrimp spring roll . It was very yummy and I continued my day as normal. I started feeling bad around 5 o'clock and by 6 I vomited everything up so forcefully i had to blow it out my nose (gross, I know). I felt immediately better , thinking I had just had too much to eat, but then i threw up again, this time with diarrhea so bad it was very liquidy. I stopped eating and drinking and just sad on the couch in stomach pain so awful I almost thought about going to the hosptial. My stomach pain reached levels like 7 and 8 on my pain scale, and for me that was pretty high. I continuned to throw up stomach acid until 3am and that was the end of the throw up episode. During this time i had no other symptoms than intense abdominal pain in the belly button/right lower side, vomiting and bad diarrhea. I never ran a fever once.  The next day I slept for about 18 hours. I was still sick to my stomach and had been up pretty late in pain. I drank sips of water but I didnt eat. My stomach muscles were killing me, but I was getting better. I had not touched the pills since the first day.   The next couple of days I went to work, ate minimally, and slept  a lot. Then, the last 24 hours have been odd. I have started "spotting" or bleeding a little. This is odd because I have  very high dose birth control pills that I still managed to take everyday of this illness to prevent me from having month long bleeding cycles. For the sake of this post I am not sexually active. As I have gone to the bathroom through the day I have noticed more and more blood and this is scaring me. I also have awful cramps( something my normal period doesn't come with ).   Anyway, Im not sure what is going on, but Im afaid something could be seriously messed up. I am not sure if this was all caused by the meds or by the food. I am in so much pain. Please help. Thanks
8y60qe,1033,1041,ADR,threw up,levaquin,levaquin,Period in the middle of birth control?? Okay. This is a very long story but I don't know what else to do.   Thursday I went to the sinus doctor, got a CT scan done and discovered I had many problems. To avoid surgery, I was put on another round of antibiotics(after I had failed three rounds) to try and clear up the problems. I was prescribed a seriously intense brand called Levaquin, which side effects include:  diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, hemorrhaging, fainting, etc. The doctor talked about these with me, and although I had no problems in the past, she suggested I take some pro-biotics, so I did.   The first day of taking these new pills I went out to my favorite Vietnamese place for lunch and had a big steaming bowl of beef  pho with a shrimp spring roll . It was very yummy and I continued my day as normal. I started feeling bad around 5 o'clock and by 6 I vomited everything up so forcefully i had to blow it out my nose (gross, I know). I felt immediately better , thinking I had just had too much to eat, but then i threw up again, this time with diarrhea so bad it was very liquidy. I stopped eating and drinking and just sad on the couch in stomach pain so awful I almost thought about going to the hosptial. My stomach pain reached levels like 7 and 8 on my pain scale, and for me that was pretty high. I continuned to throw up stomach acid until 3am and that was the end of the throw up episode. During this time i had no other symptoms than intense abdominal pain in the belly button/right lower side, vomiting and bad diarrhea. I never ran a fever once.  The next day I slept for about 18 hours. I was still sick to my stomach and had been up pretty late in pain. I drank sips of water but I didnt eat. My stomach muscles were killing me, but I was getting better. I had not touched the pills since the first day.   The next couple of days I went to work, ate minimally, and slept  a lot. Then, the last 24 hours have been odd. I have started "spotting" or bleeding a little. This is odd because I have  very high dose birth control pills that I still managed to take everyday of this illness to prevent me from having month long bleeding cycles. For the sake of this post I am not sexually active. As I have gone to the bathroom through the day I have noticed more and more blood and this is scaring me. I also have awful cramps( something my normal period doesn't come with ).   Anyway, Im not sure what is going on, but Im afaid something could be seriously messed up. I am not sure if this was all caused by the meds or by the food. I am in so much pain. Please help. Thanks
8y60qe,1160,1172,ADR,stomach pain,levaquin,levaquin,Period in the middle of birth control?? Okay. This is a very long story but I don't know what else to do.   Thursday I went to the sinus doctor, got a CT scan done and discovered I had many problems. To avoid surgery, I was put on another round of antibiotics(after I had failed three rounds) to try and clear up the problems. I was prescribed a seriously intense brand called Levaquin, which side effects include:  diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, hemorrhaging, fainting, etc. The doctor talked about these with me, and although I had no problems in the past, she suggested I take some pro-biotics, so I did.   The first day of taking these new pills I went out to my favorite Vietnamese place for lunch and had a big steaming bowl of beef  pho with a shrimp spring roll . It was very yummy and I continued my day as normal. I started feeling bad around 5 o'clock and by 6 I vomited everything up so forcefully i had to blow it out my nose (gross, I know). I felt immediately better , thinking I had just had too much to eat, but then i threw up again, this time with diarrhea so bad it was very liquidy. I stopped eating and drinking and just sad on the couch in stomach pain so awful I almost thought about going to the hosptial. My stomach pain reached levels like 7 and 8 on my pain scale, and for me that was pretty high. I continuned to throw up stomach acid until 3am and that was the end of the throw up episode. During this time i had no other symptoms than intense abdominal pain in the belly button/right lower side, vomiting and bad diarrhea. I never ran a fever once.  The next day I slept for about 18 hours. I was still sick to my stomach and had been up pretty late in pain. I drank sips of water but I didnt eat. My stomach muscles were killing me, but I was getting better. I had not touched the pills since the first day.   The next couple of days I went to work, ate minimally, and slept  a lot. Then, the last 24 hours have been odd. I have started "spotting" or bleeding a little. This is odd because I have  very high dose birth control pills that I still managed to take everyday of this illness to prevent me from having month long bleeding cycles. For the sake of this post I am not sexually active. As I have gone to the bathroom through the day I have noticed more and more blood and this is scaring me. I also have awful cramps( something my normal period doesn't come with ).   Anyway, Im not sure what is going on, but Im afaid something could be seriously messed up. I am not sure if this was all caused by the meds or by the food. I am in so much pain. Please help. Thanks
8y60qe,1463,1485,ADR,intense abdominal pain,levaquin,levaquin,Period in the middle of birth control?? Okay. This is a very long story but I don't know what else to do.   Thursday I went to the sinus doctor, got a CT scan done and discovered I had many problems. To avoid surgery, I was put on another round of antibiotics(after I had failed three rounds) to try and clear up the problems. I was prescribed a seriously intense brand called Levaquin, which side effects include:  diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, hemorrhaging, fainting, etc. The doctor talked about these with me, and although I had no problems in the past, she suggested I take some pro-biotics, so I did.   The first day of taking these new pills I went out to my favorite Vietnamese place for lunch and had a big steaming bowl of beef  pho with a shrimp spring roll . It was very yummy and I continued my day as normal. I started feeling bad around 5 o'clock and by 6 I vomited everything up so forcefully i had to blow it out my nose (gross, I know). I felt immediately better , thinking I had just had too much to eat, but then i threw up again, this time with diarrhea so bad it was very liquidy. I stopped eating and drinking and just sad on the couch in stomach pain so awful I almost thought about going to the hosptial. My stomach pain reached levels like 7 and 8 on my pain scale, and for me that was pretty high. I continuned to throw up stomach acid until 3am and that was the end of the throw up episode. During this time i had no other symptoms than intense abdominal pain in the belly button/right lower side, vomiting and bad diarrhea. I never ran a fever once.  The next day I slept for about 18 hours. I was still sick to my stomach and had been up pretty late in pain. I drank sips of water but I didnt eat. My stomach muscles were killing me, but I was getting better. I had not touched the pills since the first day.   The next couple of days I went to work, ate minimally, and slept  a lot. Then, the last 24 hours have been odd. I have started "spotting" or bleeding a little. This is odd because I have  very high dose birth control pills that I still managed to take everyday of this illness to prevent me from having month long bleeding cycles. For the sake of this post I am not sexually active. As I have gone to the bathroom through the day I have noticed more and more blood and this is scaring me. I also have awful cramps( something my normal period doesn't come with ).   Anyway, Im not sure what is going on, but Im afaid something could be seriously messed up. I am not sure if this was all caused by the meds or by the food. I am in so much pain. Please help. Thanks
8y60qe,434,442,ADR,vomiting,levaquin,levaquin,Period in the middle of birth control?? Okay. This is a very long story but I don't know what else to do.   Thursday I went to the sinus doctor, got a CT scan done and discovered I had many problems. To avoid surgery, I was put on another round of antibiotics(after I had failed three rounds) to try and clear up the problems. I was prescribed a seriously intense brand called Levaquin, which side effects include:  diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, hemorrhaging, fainting, etc. The doctor talked about these with me, and although I had no problems in the past, she suggested I take some pro-biotics, so I did.   The first day of taking these new pills I went out to my favorite Vietnamese place for lunch and had a big steaming bowl of beef  pho with a shrimp spring roll . It was very yummy and I continued my day as normal. I started feeling bad around 5 o'clock and by 6 I vomited everything up so forcefully i had to blow it out my nose (gross, I know). I felt immediately better , thinking I had just had too much to eat, but then i threw up again, this time with diarrhea so bad it was very liquidy. I stopped eating and drinking and just sad on the couch in stomach pain so awful I almost thought about going to the hosptial. My stomach pain reached levels like 7 and 8 on my pain scale, and for me that was pretty high. I continuned to throw up stomach acid until 3am and that was the end of the throw up episode. During this time i had no other symptoms than intense abdominal pain in the belly button/right lower side, vomiting and bad diarrhea. I never ran a fever once.  The next day I slept for about 18 hours. I was still sick to my stomach and had been up pretty late in pain. I drank sips of water but I didnt eat. My stomach muscles were killing me, but I was getting better. I had not touched the pills since the first day.   The next couple of days I went to work, ate minimally, and slept  a lot. Then, the last 24 hours have been odd. I have started "spotting" or bleeding a little. This is odd because I have  very high dose birth control pills that I still managed to take everyday of this illness to prevent me from having month long bleeding cycles. For the sake of this post I am not sexually active. As I have gone to the bathroom through the day I have noticed more and more blood and this is scaring me. I also have awful cramps( something my normal period doesn't come with ).   Anyway, Im not sure what is going on, but Im afaid something could be seriously messed up. I am not sure if this was all caused by the meds or by the food. I am in so much pain. Please help. Thanks
8ye4np,516,530,ADR,falling asleep,synthroid,synthroid,Pulled blood 3 months after getting diagnosed with hypo, took medicine for 3 weeks and now my blood says its in normal range? So I was really tired all the time and shaking, so I went to the doctor and they tested my blood and it came back showing that my t3 was low and my TSH was at 4.7225. They gave me 25mcg of thyroid medication, I took it for about 3 weeks and then stopped because my other doctor friend said my results were borderline.   Now it is 2 months later and I have had a lot of fatigue, I always am falling asleep, and can't stay up late cause I just pass out from being so tired. I'll wake up after 9 hours of sleep and want to take a nap 2 hours later.  I went back to the doctor yesterday and got synthroid again and they restested my TSH and it came back with 2.42 which is in the normal range. What is going on?
8xw9l4,110,117,ADR,anxiety,seroquel,seroquel,Seroquel side effects? I didn’t take my seroquel last night. I don’t use it for bipolar disorder- it’s for my anxiety and inability to sleep at night. I was supposed to take 50 mg at night but it’s too much for me. I only take a tiny piece of my 50 mg tablets.   I slept 4 hours before I woke up to a stomach ache, hungry but too anxious to eat, anxiety, confusion, and difficulties concentrating. I also take the depo shot for birth control.  Can these side effects happen after one night or not taking it?
8yfdwp,82,93,ADR,gain weight,prozac,prozac,I’ve been working hard to lose weight, but my anxiety medication has only made me gain weight. Please help! I’ve been on anxiety medicine for a year now. I started out at 130 pounds on lexapro. The lexapro combined with that good old freshman 15 has caused me to gain 30 pounds since starting starting the medication in August of last year. I switched to prozac in January and found that that helped stop my weight gain.. The problem is, I had to switch back to lexapro because the prozac wasn’t helping my anxiety.  I have since gained five pounds despite eating healthy and running each night without fail. I know that it is because of the prozac because when I was 17 (i’m now 19) I went on a weight loss journey and did everything that I am doing now and managed to lose 20 pounds in 3 months.   I am weaning myself off of my anxiety because of this weight gain and the fact that I feel I no longer need the medicine, but as you may know it takes a while to wean yourself off of medicine. If you have any advice please help, I have tried everything from calorie counting to a ketogenic diet and I am desperate to find something that works.
8yfdwp,530,548,ADR,gained five pounds,prozac,prozac,I’ve been working hard to lose weight, but my anxiety medication has only made me gain weight. Please help! I’ve been on anxiety medicine for a year now. I started out at 130 pounds on lexapro. The lexapro combined with that good old freshman 15 has caused me to gain 30 pounds since starting starting the medication in August of last year. I switched to prozac in January and found that that helped stop my weight gain.. The problem is, I had to switch back to lexapro because the prozac wasn’t helping my anxiety.  I have since gained five pounds despite eating healthy and running each night without fail. I know that it is because of the prozac because when I was 17 (i’m now 19) I went on a weight loss journey and did everything that I am doing now and managed to lose 20 pounds in 3 months.   I am weaning myself off of my anxiety because of this weight gain and the fact that I feel I no longer need the medicine, but as you may know it takes a while to wean yourself off of medicine. If you have any advice please help, I have tried everything from calorie counting to a ketogenic diet and I am desperate to find something that works.
8y0d2e,15,25,ADR,withdrawal,vyvanse,vyvanse,How bad is the withdrawal from Cymbalta compared to withdrawal from Seroquel? Which one is worse? So basically, for the past year I’ve been steady with my medications after trying so many different ones. The medications were Wellbutrin 300mg, Vyvanse 50mg, and Seroquel 400mg. The Seroquel helped at first, but then made me emotionally numb, unmotivated, uncaring, and lost all my creativity. I’ve been passionate about playing the piano for 4 years and I even stopped playing that. I couldn’t fall asleep without this drug. I would always sleep until noon the next day, even if I went to bed early. I woke up feeling like a zombie. I decided enough was enough, and I stopped it cold turkey.   That was a month ago. I’m still dealing with withdrawals, though they aren’t nearly as bad as they were before. But now I’m mostly dealing with depression, anxiety, insomnia, and dizziness. But the depression and anxiety is getting really bad so I wanted to start another medication to help counteract that, one that isn’t an antipsychotic. So after going to a psychiatrist (my normal one is on maternity leave), we decide on 60mg Cymbalta. But after going through hell on Seroquel, when I got home I definitely wanted to make sure I was aware of everything that could happen with this drug.   So far, the thing I’m most concerned about is the withdrawals and their severity. Because withdrawing from Seroquel is bad enough. Has anyone experienced withdraws from both meds to know which is worse? And also, I don’t want that zombie like numbness that I had on Seroquel either. Will Cymbalta cause that? If anyone could share their experiences on either Cymbalta and/or Seroquel, it would be greatly appreciated.
8y0d2e,324,340,ADR,emotionally numb,seroquel,seroquel,How bad is the withdrawal from Cymbalta compared to withdrawal from Seroquel? Which one is worse? So basically, for the past year I’ve been steady with my medications after trying so many different ones. The medications were Wellbutrin 300mg, Vyvanse 50mg, and Seroquel 400mg. The Seroquel helped at first, but then made me emotionally numb, unmotivated, uncaring, and lost all my creativity. I’ve been passionate about playing the piano for 4 years and I even stopped playing that. I couldn’t fall asleep without this drug. I would always sleep until noon the next day, even if I went to bed early. I woke up feeling like a zombie. I decided enough was enough, and I stopped it cold turkey.   That was a month ago. I’m still dealing with withdrawals, though they aren’t nearly as bad as they were before. But now I’m mostly dealing with depression, anxiety, insomnia, and dizziness. But the depression and anxiety is getting really bad so I wanted to start another medication to help counteract that, one that isn’t an antipsychotic. So after going to a psychiatrist (my normal one is on maternity leave), we decide on 60mg Cymbalta. But after going through hell on Seroquel, when I got home I definitely wanted to make sure I was aware of everything that could happen with this drug.   So far, the thing I’m most concerned about is the withdrawals and their severity. Because withdrawing from Seroquel is bad enough. Has anyone experienced withdraws from both meds to know which is worse? And also, I don’t want that zombie like numbness that I had on Seroquel either. Will Cymbalta cause that? If anyone could share their experiences on either Cymbalta and/or Seroquel, it would be greatly appreciated.
8y0d2e,342,353,ADR,unmotivated,seroquel,seroquel,How bad is the withdrawal from Cymbalta compared to withdrawal from Seroquel? Which one is worse? So basically, for the past year I’ve been steady with my medications after trying so many different ones. The medications were Wellbutrin 300mg, Vyvanse 50mg, and Seroquel 400mg. The Seroquel helped at first, but then made me emotionally numb, unmotivated, uncaring, and lost all my creativity. I’ve been passionate about playing the piano for 4 years and I even stopped playing that. I couldn’t fall asleep without this drug. I would always sleep until noon the next day, even if I went to bed early. I woke up feeling like a zombie. I decided enough was enough, and I stopped it cold turkey.   That was a month ago. I’m still dealing with withdrawals, though they aren’t nearly as bad as they were before. But now I’m mostly dealing with depression, anxiety, insomnia, and dizziness. But the depression and anxiety is getting really bad so I wanted to start another medication to help counteract that, one that isn’t an antipsychotic. So after going to a psychiatrist (my normal one is on maternity leave), we decide on 60mg Cymbalta. But after going through hell on Seroquel, when I got home I definitely wanted to make sure I was aware of everything that could happen with this drug.   So far, the thing I’m most concerned about is the withdrawals and their severity. Because withdrawing from Seroquel is bad enough. Has anyone experienced withdraws from both meds to know which is worse? And also, I don’t want that zombie like numbness that I had on Seroquel either. Will Cymbalta cause that? If anyone could share their experiences on either Cymbalta and/or Seroquel, it would be greatly appreciated.
8y0d2e,355,363,ADR,uncaring,seroquel,seroquel,How bad is the withdrawal from Cymbalta compared to withdrawal from Seroquel? Which one is worse? So basically, for the past year I’ve been steady with my medications after trying so many different ones. The medications were Wellbutrin 300mg, Vyvanse 50mg, and Seroquel 400mg. The Seroquel helped at first, but then made me emotionally numb, unmotivated, uncaring, and lost all my creativity. I’ve been passionate about playing the piano for 4 years and I even stopped playing that. I couldn’t fall asleep without this drug. I would always sleep until noon the next day, even if I went to bed early. I woke up feeling like a zombie. I decided enough was enough, and I stopped it cold turkey.   That was a month ago. I’m still dealing with withdrawals, though they aren’t nearly as bad as they were before. But now I’m mostly dealing with depression, anxiety, insomnia, and dizziness. But the depression and anxiety is getting really bad so I wanted to start another medication to help counteract that, one that isn’t an antipsychotic. So after going to a psychiatrist (my normal one is on maternity leave), we decide on 60mg Cymbalta. But after going through hell on Seroquel, when I got home I definitely wanted to make sure I was aware of everything that could happen with this drug.   So far, the thing I’m most concerned about is the withdrawals and their severity. Because withdrawing from Seroquel is bad enough. Has anyone experienced withdraws from both meds to know which is worse? And also, I don’t want that zombie like numbness that I had on Seroquel either. Will Cymbalta cause that? If anyone could share their experiences on either Cymbalta and/or Seroquel, it would be greatly appreciated.
8y0d2e,610,631,ADR,feeling like a zombie,vyvanse,vyvanse,How bad is the withdrawal from Cymbalta compared to withdrawal from Seroquel? Which one is worse? So basically, for the past year I’ve been steady with my medications after trying so many different ones. The medications were Wellbutrin 300mg, Vyvanse 50mg, and Seroquel 400mg. The Seroquel helped at first, but then made me emotionally numb, unmotivated, uncaring, and lost all my creativity. I’ve been passionate about playing the piano for 4 years and I even stopped playing that. I couldn’t fall asleep without this drug. I would always sleep until noon the next day, even if I went to bed early. I woke up feeling like a zombie. I decided enough was enough, and I stopped it cold turkey.   That was a month ago. I’m still dealing with withdrawals, though they aren’t nearly as bad as they were before. But now I’m mostly dealing with depression, anxiety, insomnia, and dizziness. But the depression and anxiety is getting really bad so I wanted to start another medication to help counteract that, one that isn’t an antipsychotic. So after going to a psychiatrist (my normal one is on maternity leave), we decide on 60mg Cymbalta. But after going through hell on Seroquel, when I got home I definitely wanted to make sure I was aware of everything that could happen with this drug.   So far, the thing I’m most concerned about is the withdrawals and their severity. Because withdrawing from Seroquel is bad enough. Has anyone experienced withdraws from both meds to know which is worse? And also, I don’t want that zombie like numbness that I had on Seroquel either. Will Cymbalta cause that? If anyone could share their experiences on either Cymbalta and/or Seroquel, it would be greatly appreciated.
8y0d2e,838,848,ADR,depression,vyvanse,vyvanse,How bad is the withdrawal from Cymbalta compared to withdrawal from Seroquel? Which one is worse? So basically, for the past year I’ve been steady with my medications after trying so many different ones. The medications were Wellbutrin 300mg, Vyvanse 50mg, and Seroquel 400mg. The Seroquel helped at first, but then made me emotionally numb, unmotivated, uncaring, and lost all my creativity. I’ve been passionate about playing the piano for 4 years and I even stopped playing that. I couldn’t fall asleep without this drug. I would always sleep until noon the next day, even if I went to bed early. I woke up feeling like a zombie. I decided enough was enough, and I stopped it cold turkey.   That was a month ago. I’m still dealing with withdrawals, though they aren’t nearly as bad as they were before. But now I’m mostly dealing with depression, anxiety, insomnia, and dizziness. But the depression and anxiety is getting really bad so I wanted to start another medication to help counteract that, one that isn’t an antipsychotic. So after going to a psychiatrist (my normal one is on maternity leave), we decide on 60mg Cymbalta. But after going through hell on Seroquel, when I got home I definitely wanted to make sure I was aware of everything that could happen with this drug.   So far, the thing I’m most concerned about is the withdrawals and their severity. Because withdrawing from Seroquel is bad enough. Has anyone experienced withdraws from both meds to know which is worse? And also, I don’t want that zombie like numbness that I had on Seroquel either. Will Cymbalta cause that? If anyone could share their experiences on either Cymbalta and/or Seroquel, it would be greatly appreciated.
8y0d2e,850,857,ADR,anxiety,vyvanse,vyvanse,How bad is the withdrawal from Cymbalta compared to withdrawal from Seroquel? Which one is worse? So basically, for the past year I’ve been steady with my medications after trying so many different ones. The medications were Wellbutrin 300mg, Vyvanse 50mg, and Seroquel 400mg. The Seroquel helped at first, but then made me emotionally numb, unmotivated, uncaring, and lost all my creativity. I’ve been passionate about playing the piano for 4 years and I even stopped playing that. I couldn’t fall asleep without this drug. I would always sleep until noon the next day, even if I went to bed early. I woke up feeling like a zombie. I decided enough was enough, and I stopped it cold turkey.   That was a month ago. I’m still dealing with withdrawals, though they aren’t nearly as bad as they were before. But now I’m mostly dealing with depression, anxiety, insomnia, and dizziness. But the depression and anxiety is getting really bad so I wanted to start another medication to help counteract that, one that isn’t an antipsychotic. So after going to a psychiatrist (my normal one is on maternity leave), we decide on 60mg Cymbalta. But after going through hell on Seroquel, when I got home I definitely wanted to make sure I was aware of everything that could happen with this drug.   So far, the thing I’m most concerned about is the withdrawals and their severity. Because withdrawing from Seroquel is bad enough. Has anyone experienced withdraws from both meds to know which is worse? And also, I don’t want that zombie like numbness that I had on Seroquel either. Will Cymbalta cause that? If anyone could share their experiences on either Cymbalta and/or Seroquel, it would be greatly appreciated.
8y0d2e,859,867,ADR,insomnia,vyvanse,vyvanse,How bad is the withdrawal from Cymbalta compared to withdrawal from Seroquel? Which one is worse? So basically, for the past year I’ve been steady with my medications after trying so many different ones. The medications were Wellbutrin 300mg, Vyvanse 50mg, and Seroquel 400mg. The Seroquel helped at first, but then made me emotionally numb, unmotivated, uncaring, and lost all my creativity. I’ve been passionate about playing the piano for 4 years and I even stopped playing that. I couldn’t fall asleep without this drug. I would always sleep until noon the next day, even if I went to bed early. I woke up feeling like a zombie. I decided enough was enough, and I stopped it cold turkey.   That was a month ago. I’m still dealing with withdrawals, though they aren’t nearly as bad as they were before. But now I’m mostly dealing with depression, anxiety, insomnia, and dizziness. But the depression and anxiety is getting really bad so I wanted to start another medication to help counteract that, one that isn’t an antipsychotic. So after going to a psychiatrist (my normal one is on maternity leave), we decide on 60mg Cymbalta. But after going through hell on Seroquel, when I got home I definitely wanted to make sure I was aware of everything that could happen with this drug.   So far, the thing I’m most concerned about is the withdrawals and their severity. Because withdrawing from Seroquel is bad enough. Has anyone experienced withdraws from both meds to know which is worse? And also, I don’t want that zombie like numbness that I had on Seroquel either. Will Cymbalta cause that? If anyone could share their experiences on either Cymbalta and/or Seroquel, it would be greatly appreciated.
8y0d2e,873,882,ADR,dizziness,vyvanse,vyvanse,How bad is the withdrawal from Cymbalta compared to withdrawal from Seroquel? Which one is worse? So basically, for the past year I’ve been steady with my medications after trying so many different ones. The medications were Wellbutrin 300mg, Vyvanse 50mg, and Seroquel 400mg. The Seroquel helped at first, but then made me emotionally numb, unmotivated, uncaring, and lost all my creativity. I’ve been passionate about playing the piano for 4 years and I even stopped playing that. I couldn’t fall asleep without this drug. I would always sleep until noon the next day, even if I went to bed early. I woke up feeling like a zombie. I decided enough was enough, and I stopped it cold turkey.   That was a month ago. I’m still dealing with withdrawals, though they aren’t nearly as bad as they were before. But now I’m mostly dealing with depression, anxiety, insomnia, and dizziness. But the depression and anxiety is getting really bad so I wanted to start another medication to help counteract that, one that isn’t an antipsychotic. So after going to a psychiatrist (my normal one is on maternity leave), we decide on 60mg Cymbalta. But after going through hell on Seroquel, when I got home I definitely wanted to make sure I was aware of everything that could happen with this drug.   So far, the thing I’m most concerned about is the withdrawals and their severity. Because withdrawing from Seroquel is bad enough. Has anyone experienced withdraws from both meds to know which is worse? And also, I don’t want that zombie like numbness that I had on Seroquel either. Will Cymbalta cause that? If anyone could share their experiences on either Cymbalta and/or Seroquel, it would be greatly appreciated.
8zpqo4,668,677,ADR,dependent,kratom,kratom,What's your most maladaptive behavior? For me, it has to be kratom use. I started taking kratom because the side effects of my medication (was Latuda, but now on Seroquel) were making me suffer a great deal. Kratom does wonders for combating akathisia ([here's what that is like](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXszR4pt_dE)), which is the greatest suffering a human being can endure. The last time I had acute akathisia, I was in a psych ward, and I had to stay longer because I told them I NEEDED something to knock me out like zolpidem or I was gonna have to leap out the window. Now that I'm not taking Latuda, I don't get nearly as much akathisia, but now I'm so dependent on kratom that it's becoming a problem. I consume over a KILOGRAM of the ground leaf every month. It's fortunate that it's virtually impossible for me to overdose because you would throw-up immediately if you tried to take enough.  What do you wan't to fix about behaviors? I'm digging a very expensive hole for myself.
